Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: It was only a few days ago that seeker dealt with wellbeing kenzo returned from Kerala return to care well after exploring the desert.
Timothy Sackton: out to the West and found in Kerala the stone born drew cod, who had come to town to learn more about why the protections of the Denmark had failed leading to strange beasts and creatures invading his homeland in the mountains, to the north.
Timothy Sackton: After learning from kendra was a story of Sintra the supreme Oracle of sure Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: And the story of chicagoans heart at the Center of the web of power that protects Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: you decide to set out south to find the wellspring and perhaps closes.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours ago, after a two day journey across the Mesa you skirted the cluster of nodes skeletons and various other undead creatures that were guarding the entrance tisha coons wellspring giving them a wide berth and decided instead to make your way down the sheer 500 foot cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: Protecting the wellspring with the aid of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Arriving at the top of the cliffs you found a camp below on the edge of a wide circle of gnarly twisted trees surrounding a dusty open space, maybe 1015 feet deep resembling a pool but filled with sand instead of water.
Timothy Sackton: A woman central Nelson prayer, but when you appeared quickly warned you to hide which you did with decidedly mixed success.
Timothy Sackton: As an enormous abnormally tall creepy looking human ish but not really quite human creature, with a cloak pulled over his face covering it in shadows and a nasty looking.
Timothy Sackton: Large bike clubs slung over shoulder appeared on the edge of the cliffs taunting sentra and then jumped into the air flew across the cliffs looking for something moving till he was distracted by.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with shadow and aided perhaps by illusions created by sentra and flew off to the east, after telling Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: That he was pleased that she was admitting defeat and he would be back in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Now dealt with hides in the desert to break near the edge of the cliff drink God remains melded into the stone of the cliff itself only dimly hearing the goings on around him.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and kenzo crouch in central tent at the bottom of the Canyon and well be crouches defiantly caught in the open, without anywhere to hide, but with the ready.
Timothy Sackton: As dusk approaches, at least for the moment the desert seems quiet.
Timothy Sackton: And again i'll pause briefly for a quick five minute out of character recap, if you want to refresh your memory as to what's going on.
John Leeker: scene.
John Leeker: We have we seen the child.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's an audit no because he has the child, the dude with that that he's like a hahaha.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She the child will live another day.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing he said is you're still here good the travel live another day.
Timothy Sackton: Good day.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay.
David (Wellby): You seem to be saying that there was someone else who's holding the child or like someone else who's reporting back to sorry.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he had a some sort of carved stone that he spoken to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He says name.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if any and you're saying like he's like he looks like a human, but like just stretched out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like seven seven and a half feet tall but sort of vaguely human ish in shape, just like a long it's sort of a little bit of like the screen type thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any any like slight connection at all to russia's physiology.
Timothy Sackton: Or, just like now garage with a skeleton.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Nick rush has no flesh um is there a.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Are kind of reference anywhere too.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: tall stretched people.
refreshing.
Timothy Sackton: sure you can you can make in our kind of check.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: The worst possible are all.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I mean there is.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean there's.
Timothy Sackton: All sorts of like vaguely I mean this is what.
Timothy Sackton: You know people.
Timothy Sackton: This is like what people talk about when they talk about like spooky fake creatures right there's like all sorts of tales about.
Timothy Sackton: weird slightly human niche things, but you don't really know that much more detail.
Mike (Delwath): What day it is.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably.
Timothy Sackton: 45 minutes to an hour before sunset.
John Leeker: And this guy is putting out bad vibes right a case Nada.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely creepy vibes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's clearly kidnap the daughter, it is.
Timothy Sackton: Nice yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not on our side.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Is the boss of the noles we think.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Why are we here.
Mike (Delwath): Then all's.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well they're keeping Sintra.
trapped.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, maybe we should question that assumption that those two things are related to each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's pretty fair because they're the they're the little mini army is, on the other side of the entrance right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if she wanted this game, but.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think we know.
Mike (Delwath): I mean she's presumably trapped by her daughter's captivity, more than anything else right.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think we should assume that if she wanted to escape she couldn't get out of this cliff here well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is all stuff we could talk about in character, right.
Mike (Delwath): yeah that's true except for all like.
Timothy Sackton: Thousands of feet away they're all scattered apart.
John Leeker: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: might get a chance to see each other again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well who's in the tent with me it's me and secret right.
Timothy Sackton: speaker so.
Timothy Sackton: And Center and.
The.
Timothy Sackton: Center is standing on the outside the tent on the floor of the Canyon maybe 50 feet away from the tent.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and and ken's are in the tent drink God is melded with the cliff well the is more or less out in the open about 15 feet from cover i'm.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: At the top.
Timothy Sackton: With for it.
Timothy Sackton: At the top of the class down with is hiding, although visible to well be about 1015 feet from well be in some sort of boulder rubble strewn field i'm just on the edge like 15 feet away from the edge of the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: As we begin Sintra is sort of pacing.
Timothy Sackton: back and forth so so let's see who would be able to see this basically just welby is the only one.
Timothy Sackton: Who could.
Timothy Sackton: Who could see the US.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: house what's while we, while we lost the range of your psychic toppling shit.
David (Wellby): it's 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or within 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: nope you're five years 600 feet away he's up to the top um well be what.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: um I.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: gonna do some.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: rune of stone.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and make a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencils just like grab seeker, just like central says to wait let's just we need, we should wait until until dark.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: huh yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about how to alert the others of that is she able to communicate with them, do you know.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: She is still outside the 10 you can't see it because you're hidden in the tent with the flap closed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me ask you see see kenzo kind of just like kind of closes eyes momentarily.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sat down with Hendrick God Where are you guys doing.
Timothy Sackton: You are unaware of any of this anything happening at the moment.
John Leeker: So i'm gonna cast sounds of the earth, so I can talk with the stones and have some sense of what's going on outside, because I can still cast a spell on myself.
Timothy Sackton: When i'm melded yep that's true.
John Leeker: Then sounds of the earth means I can rock can have limited sentience and communicate with me, so I am.
John Leeker: In a cast that.
John Leeker: And I now aware of what is going on, and I can ask the rock what's happened in the past 24 hours.
John Leeker: i'm also trying to inquire what.
John Leeker: has been happening before we arrived as much as a rock can understand.
Mike (Delwath): I will take a short rest while i'm hiding behind my rock.
David (Wellby): is trickling within 120 feet of me.
John Leeker: yeah you we were we were near at the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're.
John Leeker: Just make it in time.
Timothy Sackton: While be.
Timothy Sackton: scamper up while being drink or sorry that wasn't record are both within 120 feet, have you.
David (Wellby): dealt with have already talked to.
That guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10s of millions over to see parents, just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ginger is able to communicate with them.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh good I was gonna make a giant message on the on the floor of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think she's doing exactly that.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so so well be or down with are you hiding.
Mike (Delwath): yep i'm staying in my hiding spot.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just gonna you know.
David (Wellby): i'm going to go over and see if I can.
Timothy Sackton: get a better hiding spot okay um, so I think your current stealth roll Mike was a 15 if you want to try and find a better spot, you can.
Timothy Sackton: that's more like a well.
David (Wellby): My assistant with intricate and getting better didn't.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can definitely assist Ls.
Timothy Sackton: Drake odds in invisible at the moment, if unless he emerges from the rock.
Mike (Delwath): I mean i'm.
Mike (Delwath): physically unlikely to beat a 15.
Mike (Delwath): With a plus two stealth.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's true.
Timothy Sackton: you're in a pretty good spot.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK so everybody.
Timothy Sackton: is just waiting for a moment.
Mike (Delwath): yeah although.
Mike (Delwath): If there seems to be nothing going on at the exact moment.
Mike (Delwath): Is it worth trying to build a bit of a blind I mean how loose of the rocks here.
Timothy Sackton: they're fairly I mean there's like rob wall there's like a few big boulders and there's rubble and while being sort of crowd you actually don't see where he is at the moment he's sort of crouched under under sort of.
Timothy Sackton: In the sort of pilots it's basically like.
Timothy Sackton: Like a boulder field so.
Timothy Sackton: You could try and pile some stuff together um.
Mike (Delwath): I just figure if we're trying to hide for a while, it would it be worth taking.
Mike (Delwath): 10 five minutes to like create a better hiding spot or is that unlikely to make anything better.
Timothy Sackton: I think it would be tricky to create a spot that would not.
Mike (Delwath): Look look sure okay.
Mike (Delwath): i'm just gonna stay, but then.
Timothy Sackton: You could easily make some better cover, but it would be obvious that you had constructed cover right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look that up general what's she doing.
Timothy Sackton: She is now still still pacing around kind of.
Timothy Sackton: watching the sky outside the tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She going to do, the thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she's doing all right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: what's the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: communicate with our companions.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm just sending a message.
Timothy Sackton: On your message words um.
Timothy Sackton: You just you're kind of just hunker down for a moment as as the sun slowly creeps down in the sky edging towards the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: moving towards the moment.
Timothy Sackton: When you feel like based on centrism messages, it may be.
Timothy Sackton: It may be safer to emerge.
Mike (Delwath): The shadowy creature, by the way, is still scampering about far away from us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah that last for an hour right yep um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's an illusion, created by dulles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike (Delwath): Oh it's a shadow creature that looks half like well be halfway come shadow that's running along the edge of Israel vaguely humanoids shadowy form, which is now it's move is.
Mike (Delwath): it's move is 30 it's regular speed so it's as far away as it can get from us.
Mike (Delwath): And it's currently running I mean it's going to basically keep running around the edge of the cliff until it's on the opposite side.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not trying to hide.
Mike (Delwath): it's not trying to hide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it a I mean have we ever seen you do that before no cigarettes, so we basically think it's enemy.
Timothy Sackton: That we've done no you can't.
Timothy Sackton: You guys can't your hidden in the 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we can't even see that the creature all.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you can see Sintra okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When TIM but she's been leaving messages to the to the rest of the team.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what was the message that they saw.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you didn't see it it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's okay.
Timothy Sackton: colored in the stone you're just peeking out, you can see, like her head you can't see the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm just leaving her that she's contacted them.
Mike (Delwath): I mean I can't control this thing mentally to him.
Timothy Sackton: So why did you tell him.
Mike (Delwath): I told him.
Mike (Delwath): I told it to.
Mike (Delwath): This to get away from us a distraction be distracting.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's definitely not hidden.
Timothy Sackton: crowd all.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so.
Mike (Delwath): I guess if I wanted it to go away good stop concentrating on but.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: But it's still there, correct okay so i'm about.
Timothy Sackton: You know halfway towards maybe 2020 minutes later as you're all just kind of hit in crouched.
Timothy Sackton: You know, doing your best to remain.
Timothy Sackton: As quiet and.
Timothy Sackton: As on you know.
Timothy Sackton: Just as out of the way and hidden, as you can um.
Timothy Sackton: you hear from a distance, probably.
Timothy Sackton: You know about like basically directly opposite where you are about where the shadow creature would have gotten to um you hear this booming voice.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything you just hear this i'm.
Timothy Sackton: tricky Sintra of thought you could fool me again a God says, please, he will finally end the standoff and reveal the secret of your daughter's power, but I can see no reason this strange interloper must live how many points does your shadow creature have.
Mike (Delwath): 30.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, have it, make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it speaks.
Mike (Delwath): 21.
Timothy Sackton: Pack as it speaks desk blasted cold emerges from.
Timothy Sackton: From this creature, which turns visible the moment that.
Timothy Sackton: This blast emerges, and it sprays.
Timothy Sackton: You know, covering on the whole area around this shadow creature with frost and the.
Timothy Sackton: Sun shadow creature like freezes up for a moment and then.
Timothy Sackton: turns and looks at at not not dead, but from a distance anyway seemingly badly wounded um.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess that's just gonna run because you told it to just distract this and get away and.
Timothy Sackton: keep things away from you so so it begins to run and and this creature now visible chases after it seemingly.
Timothy Sackton: annoyed and also believing this is some companion or some.
Timothy Sackton: creature of central has.
Timothy Sackton: chases after it, and then holds up his hand.
Mike (Delwath): And what is this creature will quick, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: The same the same one you saw before like seven foot tall sort of a.
Timothy Sackton: Human.
Mike (Delwath): Is it the same one we saw before the same.
Mike (Delwath): kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the same one you saw before.
Timothy Sackton: holds up his hand and you know mutters an incantation observing nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: gets frustrated and.
Timothy Sackton: swings down and just attempts to grapple.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow creature.
Timothy Sackton: Which is proving elusive haven't rolla.
Timothy Sackton: strength or dex check.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: This is up on the Canyon run.
Timothy Sackton: On the kingdom it just grabs.
Timothy Sackton: The shadow creature, is it it's not immune to be in grappled is that.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think so.
Mike (Delwath): that's see.
Mike (Delwath): It is a corporeal creature it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I grabbed the shadow creature, and then flies up above the top of the Canyon like so it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: 550 feet above the ground and just let's go and this shadow just falls to the ground and then vanishes as it hits the surface of the of the desert and.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The creature than.
Timothy Sackton: looks down at centra and says no more tracks i'll be watching.
Timothy Sackton: We will deal with you soon.
Timothy Sackton: And vanishes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Like instantly put finishes.
Timothy Sackton: instantly puff vanishes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think i'm gonna stay in a tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the.
Timothy Sackton: us then everybody staying but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but essentially it's just the sheep.
David (Wellby): very carefully for the flapping and try and get a sense of like is it still there is it leaving what.
Timothy Sackton: I guy let me, let me do another style for it.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and make a perception check.
Mike (Delwath): Can I mean does this count is a short rest if we're just crushed under a rock.
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't been an hour yet.
Mike (Delwath): I know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it does count as a show grass.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but it hasn't been an hour um.
Timothy Sackton: Are you here at well be you here at flying above you and continuing to sort of circle about.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 50 or 60 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear it like it'll go far away and then come back and you can hear the sound that it's making as it kind of as it's mostly it's cloak fluttering in the wind.
David (Wellby): i'll relay that to deal with and.
David (Wellby): we'll just stay hidden.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well, all clear just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: um the sun continues to sink in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: And you know as as the sun touches the horizon, those of you let's see I guess yeah, I guess, this would mostly be seeker and and kenzo who can see this.
Timothy Sackton: Canyon walls are all sort of lit up with the glow of the sun and the pool a sand filled pool in the middle of the grove of trees begins to fill with water.
Timothy Sackton: Like just emerged just sort of like us first starting like a small spring just emerging from the Center of the pool and then bubbling up and slowly the sand sort of fades away and turns to the dark water, and you can see there's some sort of shimmering swirling light around.
Timothy Sackton: Around the around the pool and as it.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as this, the water sort of it's almost like it's sort of pulsing and each pulse that grows a little bigger and then it retracts and then it goes a little bigger and retracts and as the as the glow of the sunset lights up the Canyon over the next like 15 or 20 minutes um.
Timothy Sackton: As the pool begins to fail Sintra goes over to the pool and lifts something out of at.
Timothy Sackton: A small fist sized red ochre stone.
Timothy Sackton: And holds it up.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of extending out from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the pool itself this.
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly a mist it's like a.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like this sort of silvery wind that kind of dress out and and nothing changes from your perspective but um well be and and dealt with you see the Canyon start to fill in.
Timothy Sackton: Like rocks growing piling on top of that rubble filling it in it's almost as if the sides are collapsing all around you but you don't feel any movement there's nothing.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing there's no rock slides happening there's nothing and you drink on feel totally stable in the rock it's just the Canyon is filling in.
Timothy Sackton: With these images of rocks from somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: And over the course of the next 2030 minutes i'm you now you seeker and and kenzo are looking up at the stars seeing everything perfectly normally well being dealt with you are now looking at, not a Canyon but a massive jumbled broken pile of collapsed desert walls of.
Timothy Sackton: twisting scars running through the surface of like pile debris dead trees, just like as if a.
Timothy Sackton: Massive flood just watched a ton of debris and and filled up this entire 500 foot deep bowl.
Timothy Sackton: and central then comes over to the tent and says it's safe now.
Timothy Sackton: For the next eight hours anyway.
Timothy Sackton: or longer till till till dawn I can keep this up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can keep water.
Timothy Sackton: Ah right you can't see.
Timothy Sackton: If you were standing on the rim of the Canyon you would no longer see a Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: You would see instead a.
Timothy Sackton: child's mass of rubble and debris.
Timothy Sackton: And if you tried to find your way through that rumbling debris you would quickly get lost turned around find yourself, on the other side of the Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this so your captors cannot find the presence of the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: The only way to protect the heart, and let me get some sleep.
Timothy Sackton: During the day I.
Timothy Sackton: put it in the wellspring and it is not here.
Timothy Sackton: During the night.
Timothy Sackton: I bring it out and create.
This Defense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since we can we can meet touch with our companions should we tell them to come down here.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I can let them pass through if we can get them a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be good.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have any way of communicating with them they're too far away from me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret do you have a way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of sending.
Mike (Delwath): two schools of sending.
Mike (Delwath): We have the two schools of sending.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I know I know I know we.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We have those scrolls of sending but Congress asked us to use one to let them.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: know what we found.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: which perhaps we should do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But on how How far is it up the the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tensile can climb really well right is that an acrobat thing.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean, these are like sheer cliffs or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but can't can't can't we just like get to a point where like they can see us, or is it like we're just totally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally like which have been caught by the.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: ice rink.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think the problem is going to be that if we reveal ourselves up there in any way revealing ourselves to summer key.
Timothy Sackton: I well, I mean there's no way for you to I mean, so the Kenyan is about 500 feet of sheer rock wall.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a gentle slope that you can go halfway up the only way you were climbing it before was with direct cod's.
Timothy Sackton: spider climb spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we just get to the bottom, the edge of the Canada and just yell can you hear.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well kensal Another issue is that it's not so straightforward for them to just come down to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think so dealt with can make them fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And ricotta and climb, as he was doing before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just need to let them know that it's safe to come down now.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point, given.
Timothy Sackton: The saunas that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Given the son of Sam you have completed a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: So anybody who wants to use, you know get anything back from a short rest so, for example, you could use your arcane recovery trick odd to get back if you spell slots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some, like are they far enough, there are they close enough to like yell if, like gets the book the edge of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could yell I mean 500 feet, but like if you yell really loud and project your voice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and actually I can use my little control thing for that right i've got like a booming voice.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can definitely yelled out loud.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Now that.
Timothy Sackton: was talking to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that that's how.
Timothy Sackton: I was talking to.
Timothy Sackton: Sam ricky before.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I will be sure that simmer key is not monitoring the situation.
Timothy Sackton: you're not sure at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chinchilla Is it safe to say y'all to my companions from down below.
Timothy Sackton: I would not that seems risky.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: signal them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we use flame can we use a.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: US based something that doesn't it looks like it's part of the natural landscape, maybe an bird.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We could send a bird up with a message.
What bird.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I don't happen to have one.
Timothy Sackton: I do not have any birds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have a scroll of sending, but we would prefer not to use it if we don't have to.
booted.
Timothy Sackton: hmm.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I can animate and piece of fabric or paper.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Have the appearance of a bird.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: It could then fly to the top of the cliff.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I suppose the advantage of using paper, for that is I could write on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, do that send them a message let's write it on a piece of paper and tell them to come down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That seems like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good a problem TIM.
yep.
Mike (Delwath): Is it.
Mike (Delwath): Possible that.
Mike (Delwath): Like.
Mike (Delwath): Clearly there used to be the edge of a Kenyan here.
yep.
Mike (Delwath): How.
Mike (Delwath): Far from the edge.
Mike (Delwath): Where we hiding.
Timothy Sackton: About 15 feet.
Mike (Delwath): And do I still know which way the Canyon is I mean it should have been fairly obvious right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah I mean you're you have you know it's still you still remember what it used to.
Timothy Sackton: be like you can judge, where the edge is pretty well.
Timothy Sackton: As dark so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: If you're moving quietly.
Timothy Sackton: Probably you wouldn't be seen you don't really know but it's now fully dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret do you want to send them a message this way.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think truck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The prudent move.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'll try my trick I tear.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: a leaf out of a notebook.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's safe to come down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You sign it so secret secret 10 zero.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay yeah and then I.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: carefully fold it into a shape of just like a simple approximation of the outline of a bird.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: With words that can wings that can flap.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And I sort of stroke it's paper Beak thoughtfully as I scroll.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: In charcoal the animating ruin onto its body casting animating performance.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Nice um.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So that it can fly.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What to do.
Timothy Sackton: and understand and understand you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can command that you can say you can tell it whatever you want it to do.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay, so.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Why up to the top of the wall here and find my friends and try not to be too noticeable they need to read the message written on your wings.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll a D 20.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Great.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice that so strong.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the.
Timothy Sackton: Paper bird flies up and down with you see emerging from the the.
Timothy Sackton: rubber rubble that fills in the Canyon now just kind of like flying up through the rock this like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: This this piece of.
Timothy Sackton: paper but it's you know because it's dark and the way it's flapping like it's has pretty realistic looking flapping motion with its wings like it's not you know it for a minute if it fools you that it might actually be a bird.
Timothy Sackton: And it comes straight towards you dealt with and lands kind of at your feet and then unfurls and you see.
Timothy Sackton: written in charcoal on this piece of paper What was your message.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's safe to come down as in K.
Mike (Delwath): Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You gonna do anything dalit they're just.
John Leeker: Where we're communicating telepathically right now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, all right with wild.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're doing this, as you all are communicating telepathically Center then i'm as the three of you are sitting around and she's she's holding.
Timothy Sackton: This stone that's it's like a red ochre sort of rough hewn kind of chunk of rock that's sort of an amorphous shape, but you can see these little flecks of multicolored.
Timothy Sackton: Like just tiny bits of almost like multicolored glass embedded in it, and every time you look the pattern of these little flecks seems to have shifted like you don't see actual movement, but every time you look away it's it's almost as if the form is slightly different.
Timothy Sackton: And it, you know it, it seems to kind of.
Timothy Sackton: It almost pulls you in a little bit um.
Timothy Sackton: Secret you see when you look at it, you see, you see a puzzle you see.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a.
Timothy Sackton: Complex contraption that seems impossible like somehow there's a point in space that's been folded up and contained within this.
Timothy Sackton: Point of spaces some other world there are some intruding reality that's encapsulated in space, but if there's more to it, then you're convinced, does he look at it there's some.
Timothy Sackton: complexity here that you could you could disentangle somehow that do it tell you something about the world.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I start making drawings of it.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo I saw your message.
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of look at it and you know focus focus on it and pick up your your jade necklace and sort of hold it.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel almost at.
Timothy Sackton: Pulling you and trying to trying to draw you into the heart, you can feel you can almost see now the same.
Timothy Sackton: image you stop the sort of web of still very threads connecting all the initiates of the Chicago and Mr you can see now there's this thick thread almost like a not a thread, but of a rope that kind of wraps around this heart and ties intertwines with Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see.
Timothy Sackton: see this like little bit of silvery thread drifting off of you that's frayed at the end, and it it's like pulling towards the heart, like it wants to be connected to the heart um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I like totally don't resist and it pulls me I just like flow with it, if it's like a calling me and I just let it do whatever you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alex I surrender myself to the heart.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay, love it.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of surrender yourself it for a moment, your you know your mind goes blank and then you start seeing just flashes of hundreds of memories like you know riding on the you know writing on horseback across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: sitting at a campfire eating.
Timothy Sackton: stew eating, you know dried meat on a at the beginning of a long journey.
Timothy Sackton: Are these find yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Like none of them are your memories.
interesting.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trying to remember them as much as I can.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean it's almost flashing too fast for you to perceive individual memories and Sintra then turns.
Timothy Sackton: And looks at you, and you have a very distinct memory for a moment of.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at a.
Timothy Sackton: Newborn girl holding it cradling it in your arms.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: She then looks at you again kind of in surprise.
Timothy Sackton: She says.
Timothy Sackton: She cocoon wanted you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinda like i'm like kind of deep in the moment with it, but I kind of hear centers voice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I just tend to kind of just called quietly whispers i'm i'm surrendering myself to the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's just kind of stays in the zone.
Timothy Sackton: So as, as this is happening, you can slowly feel this.
Timothy Sackton: Like a little thread kind of emerging out of the heart and you can almost see it starting to connect with you.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it connects.
Timothy Sackton: Those are the three of you who are on top, the.
Timothy Sackton: The illusion expands slightly.
Timothy Sackton: 1015 about 20 feet beyond the edge of the Canyon i'm.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if there's like now sort of along the sides of the Canyon wall sort of pushing out.
Timothy Sackton: sort of almost moving past you now so So you see, like this sort of piles of rubble and a few like dead trees and things approaching you and then, as they move past you the campaign, the Kenyan reappears.
Timothy Sackton: And now you see the start, you know that.
Mike (Delwath): We were in the middle of a complex plan to solve this all ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: Canyon below.
David (Wellby): will be just sort of stands up and looks over with and just.
David (Wellby): Like makes them to leverage shrug.
Mike (Delwath): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: fincher says.
Timothy Sackton: hey appreciate your strength ken's oh.
Timothy Sackton: This will make things easier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of just kind of nods but it's like kind of in the zone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are we outside the 10 now.
Timothy Sackton: you're sitting outside the tent yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now dealt with Eric and see.
Timothy Sackton: But you can all see that.
John Leeker: Yes, Sir cod.
John Leeker: reaches out of the stone and pulls himself.
Mike (Delwath): Up gasping right.
Mike (Delwath): You can fly well be 10 minutes use it wisely.
David (Wellby): The drucker just pulled himself out of the ground that's a scary you should have seen all day.
David (Wellby): On the fly I mean not that.
David (Wellby): Writing you isn't fun.
Timothy Sackton: crappy.
David (Wellby): yeah well, we definitely takes the long way around flying down, though, and does some like barrel rolls of.
Timothy Sackton: course.
John Leeker: i'm far kindler cod fall safely.
Timothy Sackton: Not 500 feet.
John Leeker: I know.
John Leeker: The difference cod cast mold earth and just stares his way down in big jumps.
Timothy Sackton: Second, can you can.
Timothy Sackton: Foot so Mother Earth can't it's not stone shape.
So you can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you can't make things emerge out of solid rock you can like excavate these are Earth.
John Leeker: Oh, you can choose a portion of dirt or stone that you can see, within range and fits into five Q all right well the spider call down then.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, as soon as well be lands doubtful fly down.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, taking that straight.
Mike (Delwath): and direct path with none of the show you this.
Mike (Delwath): wealthy.
David (Wellby): So well he's not sure if he's just enjoying the ride.
Timothy Sackton: You can be in now at the bottom of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: The stars above.
Timothy Sackton: As the full dark of night has said in.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly some invisible creature flying above you keeping watch not at your concern at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have to just kind of had to stay like focused to like kind of continue did to like do I have to be like directing my full attention into this or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it now like no okay now my kind of plugged in so I can kind of passively be yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: As you all land Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: Like looks around her camp looks around it, you.
Timothy Sackton: She says.
Timothy Sackton: have some food i'm sorry it's not very appetizing.
Timothy Sackton: And I think some stories are an order at this point of the evening.
Timothy Sackton: Why did you come I don't know any of you.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm sure you have questions for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, perhaps we should introduce ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On kenzo from uncharted but also to disciple of have initiated the schema and laca and I guess i'm getting to know Chicago now better.
Timothy Sackton: I must have been you.
Timothy Sackton: The city.
Timothy Sackton: I saw a memory, when you join the heart.
Timothy Sackton: not seen that city before is that that is charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: must be.
Timothy Sackton: New blood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cancer gestures to seeker.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And secret high keeper student of the magic of rooms and a student of the stones.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm very curious to learn more about this heart.
Mike (Delwath): I am dealt with the Elf.
Mike (Delwath): Out of my time and.
Mike (Delwath): Last for several hundred years.
But.
Mike (Delwath): Instead, interested in helping those in need.
David (Wellby): will be good barrel.
David (Wellby): deeply honored to be welcomed into this place.
John Leeker: I am your card stone war.
John Leeker: You have caused great damage to so many people by taking this heart, we have to return it.
John Leeker: Just says.
John Leeker: bluntly, without.
John Leeker: Understanding much context.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: She starts to laugh a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And she says.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: whether I was a fool or tracked.
Timothy Sackton: not really relevant.
Timothy Sackton: bad things have happened.
Timothy Sackton: I would, before I tell you my story I would know how you.
Timothy Sackton: came to this place.
Timothy Sackton: not expecting visitors.
Timothy Sackton: I was resigned to.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I had no ideas honestly to get myself out of this predicament.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I am certainly pleased that you've arrived and that you didn't die as for a moment I was afraid you might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are also pleased that we did not die, and I think the complete tell is a longer one but, in short, all of us came together to Caroline many months ago now, I think, soon after your your disappearance and leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: travels.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Throughout this region.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking for different answers and only recently to be understand from kendra's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened to the heart and that your wallets disappearance and we immediately set out to find you, given the instructions that we have from can dress of your last known.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: destination.
Mike (Delwath): And our understanding is, we are not the first to have come this way what has happened to the others.
Timothy Sackton: She waved her hand over at the grave markers against the side of the Canyon and the funeral pyre that i'm the remains of the funeral pyre they're dead sadly.
Timothy Sackton: hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the mist I came to find me as I knew they might.
Timothy Sackton: The first group that arrived.
Timothy Sackton: managed to avoid the the guardians at the entrance the wellspring as.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you did as well and i've occasionally snuck up there, to take a peek at what's waiting for me out there, I feel if they tried to come through this Canyon the narrow slot Canyon I could defeat them but emerging into a crowd of 20 beasts like that I fear with try my skills.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, they came around the side.
Timothy Sackton: drink odd you said, your name was that trick you.
Timothy Sackton: You were using climbing down the walls.
Timothy Sackton: As if you could your hands and feet stuck to the stone.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: They came with similar magic.
Timothy Sackton: And as they.
Timothy Sackton: As they approach, I thought this is great.
Timothy Sackton: We can fix these problems.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Some are key was having none of that he.
Timothy Sackton: They hit as he flew past, just as you did.
Timothy Sackton: But he must have noticed something for maybe 30 minutes later, or they were preparing to climb down.
Timothy Sackton: He returned reemerged blasted them with with cold.
Timothy Sackton: A fuse survived that blast but he put them to sleep and then drop them one by one, from 500 feet above the Kenyan floor.
Timothy Sackton: watch them splat on the ground in front of me there was nothing I could do, but watch.
Timothy Sackton: Louis Mr T or the.
Timothy Sackton: seminar Samar key is the creature you saw the.
Timothy Sackton: servant of a goddess mother.
Mike (Delwath): and
Mike (Delwath): Why does God want you trapped here.
Timothy Sackton: To be honest, I am not entirely sure her motives.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, had a reason, though, for this was not a simple plan.
Timothy Sackton: I am now have the belief that the dreams, I had that the.
Timothy Sackton: sickness.
Timothy Sackton: That my daughter Jimmy took ill with was not a natural one, was of her creation.
Timothy Sackton: Why she.
Timothy Sackton: Why she did this, I am not sure all though, and I do not think she knows about the heart, although.
Timothy Sackton: She I am sure, knows about the summer of red storms.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Somewhere brainstorms.
Timothy Sackton: This was.
Timothy Sackton: When I was a child, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 40 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: my grandmother the supreme Oracle before me.
Timothy Sackton: She took to heart or to the aspirin for only two weeks.
Timothy Sackton: to heal.
Timothy Sackton: let's see I guess it would have been my great uncle her brother.
Timothy Sackton: And the barrier the protections of an.
Timothy Sackton: Here I am speaking of these, but I guess, I can see that you know some of this already my I have been alone too long, my.
Timothy Sackton: Caution wayne's when I see a.
Timothy Sackton: friendly face I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, she took the heart and my and her brother my great uncle to.
Timothy Sackton: To come here.
Timothy Sackton: cured him of a curse.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: You aware of.
Timothy Sackton: like cancer, p.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like cancer be.
Timothy Sackton: The curse that those who are.
Timothy Sackton: attacked.
Timothy Sackton: who are infected by the by the bite of a werewolf or a similar creature are cursed to suffer the same fate.
Timothy Sackton: Such a thing happened to my great uncle and the only way.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Timothy Sackton: grandmother knew to cure him was to take him in the heart here.
Timothy Sackton: While she was gone the barrier was weakened and many creatures.
Timothy Sackton: enter Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: This was in April and through that entire summer there were no raids, there were.
Timothy Sackton: Were creature attacks that were.
Timothy Sackton: That insect like be spitting acid, there were.
Timothy Sackton: dire wolves it's called the summer of red storms and in named for the dust clouds that the bands of knowledge that ravaged the countryside that summer.
Timothy Sackton: created.
Timothy Sackton: So, all I can surmise us that perhaps I got to new.
Timothy Sackton: Something of the history of this time and that.
Timothy Sackton: Getting the supreme Oracle out of.
Timothy Sackton: terroir.
Timothy Sackton: was somehow necessary.
Timothy Sackton: to lower this barrier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tell us more about Gaza.
Timothy Sackton: She is I mean.
Timothy Sackton: She is tricky she is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is she.
Timothy Sackton: corrupting everything she touches she is a fake creature some ancient evil from before the Great War, as far as I know.
Timothy Sackton: you're not know her full history.
Timothy Sackton: I know she has some vendetta against the done Marty that dates way back to to the war or or before.
Timothy Sackton: And she has always lingered on the edges of our country and just tried to tip the scales to more misery.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what would drive her to this now is.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Ah seekers been Leafing through a little notebook.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: taps a page.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: vengeance.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Britain my sources on each of these very cleverly written.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Timothy Sackton: The storm giant frogs are.
Okay.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: God.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Is.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, I lost my place here flipping around back and forth.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and his vengeance, the great war.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That storm giant yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: He said that she wanted vengeance for defeated allies and the Great War it didn't say which allies.
Timothy Sackton: Although is only one set of allies, that was defeated in that war.
Timothy Sackton: And they were not the done Mari.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Did.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: But how could she have.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: survived in hiding all this time or.
Mike (Delwath): Why now.
Mike (Delwath): she's been a legend in a myth on the edge of the done Mari desert for generations, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Mike (Delwath): and
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and human or Faye.
staples.
Timothy Sackton: She is a fake creature of some kind.
Mike (Delwath): And the center's felt like she could be dealt with.
Mike (Delwath): They had an agreement with her did they not.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Indeed, did they did, and still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sort of looks at centra it's a long story we there was a there's a storm giants and it's our fan, it was we had some interactions with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we ran into some sense ours, they are now currently in terroir helping to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: protect the temple alongside can dress until the heart can be returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can tell more the details there's there's a lot.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's true.
Mike (Delwath): So.
David (Wellby): How do we get you out of here, how do we get your child back and how do we kill it gotta.
Timothy Sackton: man of action and directness I like that.
Timothy Sackton: my daughter is the problem.
Timothy Sackton: I will not endanger her.
Timothy Sackton: If I can help it and, as far as I know, the only reason.
Timothy Sackton: I got to is keeping her alive, is that I stay here.
Timothy Sackton: every night.
Mike (Delwath): Sorry, I got I got that has her.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, when I.
Mike (Delwath): We should have got as hot on the way back.
Timothy Sackton: You shut off.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: seemed like.
Timothy Sackton: Things would have been different if you had.
David (Wellby): I mean.
Mike (Delwath): It seemed like a red herring.
David (Wellby): First level, and she would have been much easier to be.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, she went have been any easier to be.
Timothy Sackton: So you would be this campaign will now be how do we break the the charm that I got to put on us.
Timothy Sackton: So okay back to Center so she says.
Timothy Sackton: yeah when I when I arrived here at the wellspring a gotta and that creature some marquee her servant or ally were waiting for me and use some sort of magic to to charm me to.
Timothy Sackton: You know wrap me in their spouse, so I.
Timothy Sackton: spoke to them and treated with them in a way that is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I would not normally.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt, I could have killed them both I am sure Kuhn has blessed me with strength, but not that much strength on aided but perhaps I could have escaped somehow.
Timothy Sackton: If I had not fallen under their spell.
Timothy Sackton: I kept enough of my wits about me to not reveal the true nature of the heart for that I am thankful for sure coons guidance and blessing, she must have been watching over me in that moment.
Timothy Sackton: But there was no way I could avoid revealing that the power of Chicago and dwelt in my daughter as wow Jimmy is, I am sure, destined to be a great Oracle of show conan the power that runs and me runs and her five fold over.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know I gotta took her I got to perhaps somehow with sure coons blessing and and guidance, I was able to deceive her even in this charm and.
Timothy Sackton: And Lol her into thinking that it was my daughter, and not this and she puts her hand around this redstone.
Timothy Sackton: That was the key for if she had known.
Timothy Sackton: Of the heart, I am sure she would have tried to take it from me and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not sure.
Timothy Sackton: What your current would have been able to do in that circumstance.
Timothy Sackton: But because magic always runs through deception and trickery and misdirection and illusion and so perhaps she was watching over me then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we rescue your daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got a great background Eric.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you very oh.
David (Wellby): Mike frozen also.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know Mike is now moving.
John Leeker: and moving.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Mark he has this stone that he uses to do a to speak every night to a gotta and say.
Timothy Sackton: She is still here to me will live another day.
Timothy Sackton: So, I presume, she must be had a goddess layer lair.
Mike (Delwath): What was it that you promised some marquee.
Mike (Delwath): You said you would give it to him tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: He thinks and I guess I got to think that there is some.
Timothy Sackton: Secret that there is some trick to extracting the power of Chicago and from my daughter, that if they knew her true name or if they knew some incantation to say they could take that power or or.
Timothy Sackton: Remove chicagoans protection and turn her into a hack daughter, or something there is no such trick she is just protected I just said what I had to say, to.
Timothy Sackton: keep him moving.
Timothy Sackton: I do think I gotta is.
Timothy Sackton: nervous about chickens strength, and I know there are rumors.
Timothy Sackton: That there is some lost artifact in the desert from the ancient drink Korean empire some mantle or cloak that would protect that would block divine influence that would silence the gods.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe that perhaps the data is hoping that she will be able to find this cloak and then.
Timothy Sackton: She can use that somehow to turn my daughter into her daughter.
Timothy Sackton: And this, I will not happen.
Mike (Delwath): I wonder if garage has that cloak.
Mike (Delwath): The gods kept going silent amongst the orcs did they not.
David (Wellby): rush was wiping them out, though, the other gods maybe.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think garage was killing the orcas gods.
That.
David (Wellby): The clock is only good for one.
True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We heard about a cook.
Timothy Sackton: make a history check.
Timothy Sackton: Our history or icon whichever you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you were as I figured this out.
Mike (Delwath): But garage was definitely looking for something as was aka.
Mike (Delwath): charted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At this this we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's we've now encountered many treasures seekers on, in particular, when we were at Raven this whole we ran into at least to have a God says henge people who are searching for for items have some kinds we never knew what, but this is the first we're hearing of this cloak.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: boozing.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We had the ability to.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: create an artifact and imbue it with some Bowers.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and claim involved with this thing was the spleen of chicken or whatever store we invented for the great and powerful artifact that data is seeking.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Absolutely could accomplish a kind of bait and switch.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That we could draw a God to out with a story of an artifact.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We could make a realistic aren't artifact I can work the stone and give it running magic.
Timothy Sackton: anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: rolling are kinda or history.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: or I will.
I will.
David (Wellby): Oh, and see if I can remember any hassling things.
Timothy Sackton: 30.
Mike (Delwath): wow everything.
Timothy Sackton: sneakers What about this.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, by the way.
Mike (Delwath): By the way, secret knows all the secrets of tiger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so.
David (Wellby): Yes, I have it ready here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see um how much extra should you get for that that's a pretty good role um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: A few things so um.
Timothy Sackton: There are definitely I mean just generally everybody, but but seeker and what see well these 13 um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there are lots of stories about.
Timothy Sackton: Powerful artifacts, in particular, you know the.
Timothy Sackton: The drink Korean Empire was like you know which used to be all on this territory that's now done my was once the sort of heartland of the drink or an empire, and this is, this was an empire that ran on magic like you know there's lots of stories about.
Timothy Sackton: You know all sorts of powerful magical items from.
Timothy Sackton: From the time of the empire i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you remember, though, so what you know, in your early you know study is trying to like find information about who Nick magic.
Timothy Sackton: As you were sort of digging through the archives of the of the dwarves you, you did at one point come across a book a book that was in very bad shape i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not entirely legible, but you you transcribed as much as you could and what the book was talking about is an attempt, from the individual who was the last Emperor of drink or who is called a Polygon.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: create a.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of like basically to create.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, a set of artifacts that would you know essentially make him as powerful as a God and one of the keys to that now most of the text was lost, but one of the keys to that was a.
Timothy Sackton: A cloak of a mantle that would protect him from the god's vengeance, that would allow him to.
Timothy Sackton: To gain this power to somehow attempt to ascend to God good without the gods them the existing gods themselves being able to stop him.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no music, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: So you've heard of what is presumably the same artifact and the stories like again you weren't able to fully translate this this text, but the story is where we're that it was more powerful than just something that would protect one individual is that it was something that would.
Timothy Sackton: Effectively, create dead stones, where the gods could not reach out or a particular God it wasn't always necessarily every God and it could be used them to.
Timothy Sackton: To create.
Timothy Sackton: A base of operations or to create an army that could not be affected by divine magic.
Mike (Delwath): That does sound an awful lot like with what crush might be doing with the orcs doesn't it.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Was he he was wearing a cloak to me.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And if you're an undead skeletal being you don't really need like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: You know something for warmth.
Mike (Delwath): But he was also still desperately looking for something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh yeah just trim.
David (Wellby): It was there there's a set of artifacts that need to be combined to.
Mike (Delwath): Wait maybe he was desperately looking for the rest of the set.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, what are the other.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I transcribe everything I could.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And maybe last time or buried in the sands.
Timothy Sackton: didn't crush.
Mike (Delwath): Have a cloak he did right do we remember what it looked like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: He had a big black good in cloak.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and arrogance to didn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sintra, have you heard of these other items beyond the cook cook.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From from secrets tale.
Timothy Sackton: sake, are much of what you just said is news to me, I have only heard that sounds like a terrible evil.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know who would ever.
Timothy Sackton: believe themselves to deserve that much power and.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: shut out the gods like that, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of twisted mind would want that.
David (Wellby): usual.
Timothy Sackton: any case I have not.
Timothy Sackton: heard of such thing, but the evil that i've got to could do with that kind of power is almost unimaginable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How strong as a gotta do you think we if we if we faced her, and some are key directly we'd have the chance.
Timothy Sackton: I know that you are strong enough to fly and.
Timothy Sackton: animate objects, I guess, I.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know I.
Timothy Sackton: haven't seen you fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I soul site ginger I think I was doing that, before what's your what's your like approximate level.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: She is level eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I kind of just knowing that I sort of secession true we've had a few a few battles of ourselves we're not we're not as strong as you but.
No, no.
Mike (Delwath): hold on one quick question about faith TIM like.
Mike (Delwath): What a fe is it a thing that fe like always keep their word kind of.
Mike (Delwath): scenario like it is in some mythological stories or is that not really a thing and.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: They are not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's no like sort of magical force that forces them to keep their word, however, that is typically the case, and certainly what you've heard about a God is not that she.
Timothy Sackton: breaks or word but that she makes bargains that turn out worse than what they see and she keeps the literal meaning of a word which may not actually be what you wanted.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the Center certainly believed that she.
Timothy Sackton: Was somebody that you could make a deal with.
Mike (Delwath): But she seems to have broken their deal as far as we know.
Mike (Delwath): Or maybe not this strict terms of it, because she sent henchmen instead of herself.
Timothy Sackton: You you would need to know exactly what the literal terms of the deal was, but your gas down with gas based on your sort of elven years of experiences that.
Timothy Sackton: There was probably some loophole that had to do with her not being able to cross a certain line, and as long as she didn't cross a certain line she didn't technically break the deal.
Timothy Sackton: Or perhaps it was her and.
Timothy Sackton: Her fe allies, or something but somehow she found a loophole some she found some allies to use that weren't included in the deal or she you know something like that that's your senses probably she didn't directly break the deal.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: wonder if we can create.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: A condition which I gotta trips over her own ambition.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We can take advantage of her greed lust for power.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and make it seem like we're SEC, making a sacrifice.
John Leeker: Why don't we use the heart as bait.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
John Leeker: doesn't know.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I don't think we.
Timothy Sackton: I will not do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, we should address that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: The other day, you know I did find the ancient sort of drank or the wielder of which command the shadow army.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Did you this sort of the sword, I found.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I mean, I can make, we can make us.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What i'm saying is, we cannot work.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And we can make some shadow so it's very realistic, you know what I mean.
Timothy Sackton: got the consent magic, though.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Unless a way to make something magical.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And that we do.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: He did.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: sort of.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well i've been practicing with the runes I can I can carve.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So that's true one of your rubric items would.
Timothy Sackton: registers magic.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: emptied emptied I can make an artifact into a magical artifact it's not going to command a shadow army i've it's in and of itself but.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well, we need some more ideas.
The one thing I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Is if there is some way that we, together, the six of us can fight sentra perhaps or fight or get up with her allies even not in her layer
Timothy Sackton: I think we would stand a chance attacking her at home.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure she has far too many tricks unless there is some way to draw her out of her house.
Timothy Sackton: And sneak in when she's not home, I would not want to face her on her home ground.
David (Wellby): Introduce him to suggest that if the heart of chicken was returned.
David (Wellby): That would give some power leverage against a gutter did I hear you right.
Timothy Sackton: I would give you the heart and.
Timothy Sackton: You could bring it back as far as I know.
Timothy Sackton: You were not detected and.
Timothy Sackton: Some are key and a gotta will not know or care that the heart is gone.
Timothy Sackton: Except that, then I will have no way to keep myself alive.
David (Wellby): Oh wait a second.
David (Wellby): The way to draw route is to get her the secret of how to unlock the power of the heart.
Mike (Delwath): Not the heart, but she not.
David (Wellby): Have the daughter.
Mike (Delwath): To she thinks is the daughter tells you not do not.
David (Wellby): Only in this place.
Mike (Delwath): or in person.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah yes, we got to bring it gotta here.
Mike (Delwath): Of course, a true name of magic power can only be spoken in person.
I might.
Timothy Sackton: Send MARQuIS would believe that he is not the brightest individual in my experience.
Mike (Delwath): And of course you wouldn't want to speak it to him he'd betray hair and carry it off himself.
Timothy Sackton: or god's I would.
Timothy Sackton: agree, I am sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we return the stone we returned the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With haste what benefit would it provide us in a battle or provide us in any in any way.
Timothy Sackton: Hard is a.
Timothy Sackton: defensive item, it is.
Timothy Sackton: You see what it can do with just the two of us kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Imagine hundreds.
Timothy Sackton: This is done marsters safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the range of the heart reach here the prediction of the heart.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: It does this it always did before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, why don't we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the fastest way, we can return the heart, perhaps we can return the heart and then.
Timothy Sackton: send your shakes her head if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: player gambit here.
Timothy Sackton: That is possible, but.
Timothy Sackton: Once they realize I can no longer.
Timothy Sackton: block the Kenyan at night.
Timothy Sackton: I am not sure what is stopping 20 knowles from slaughtering me while I sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we would be here with you how far away, are we from from Cairo again.
Timothy Sackton: you're about 40 miles.
David (Wellby): You can't get there and back.
David (Wellby): Enough time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can one of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have enough magic amongst us to get somebody to return the heart.
David (Wellby): So we cover 80 miles and.
David (Wellby): 16 hours.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: With could send a message to kendra so who's do an update from us, to be fair and perhaps you might send us into running to get it.
Timothy Sackton: Then they avoid some are key is I.
Timothy Sackton: Do this is how everyone besides, you who has come to rescue me has died.
Timothy Sackton: i'm all for practical solutions, but.
Timothy Sackton: It will have no more death, if I can avoid at.
John Leeker: how big the heart.
Timothy Sackton: is, I think this is like the size of a fist.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: too small size.
John Leeker: Can I.
John Leeker: Wild shape and do a bird and far.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, but you can only stay well tape for three hours and.
John Leeker: You won't be able to.
John Leeker: cast it twice.
John Leeker: Put six hours be enough.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, even the fastest bird is not going to go or you can actually you can't even turn into something flying until your eighth level, but even the fastest thing you could you could wow chip into isn't gonna be able to travel.
John Leeker: At mile mm hmm.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And this is where baxter has this big moment.
David (Wellby): let's adjust it, but I mean we could I trust baxter to do it.
But.
David (Wellby): Like it's it seems risky without someone with them.
John Leeker: But probably.
David (Wellby): not going to trade it for dinner on the road, but like if he gets attacked by something.
David (Wellby): You can only fight it off so much.
John Leeker: don't need 12 I mean the spell is necessary for the evening when the sun sets.
John Leeker: Correct That means we have an entire daylights time to do this, so we have to get the heart there by the evening.
Mike (Delwath): How does getting the heart back to the temple help.
John Leeker: The defensive protection.
Timothy Sackton: It will take time I I admire the thought, but and I desperately want to return the heart, but I.
Timothy Sackton: The immediate problem for me perhaps not for you.
Timothy Sackton: is how to keep my daughter alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But isn't the return of the heart likely to increase all of our collective strength to tilt any any move into our favor.
Timothy Sackton: It will save many lives of the people in dunmore.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm not sure whether an additional few days will matter too much, given what you've told me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But will not strengthen our cause here against the Gaza.
Timothy Sackton: I don't see that it would a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Do not believe God is fooled by shut coons illusions, she has passed across the border before and I am sure, could again now whether she could bring an army with her unlikely, but she does not strike me as the type of creature he travels with an army anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this piece heads like gesturing to the front.
Timothy Sackton: Already and illusions not going to matter to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those creatures are not with a gotcha.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I assume there with a gotcha but well I don't honestly know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the knowles and these other beasts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And dead.
Timothy Sackton: I think they must be, because who else would want to keep me here, but I don't know I got that seems to have a she has a perfectly strong way to keep me tied to this place threatening the life of my daughter i'm not sure why she would need.
Timothy Sackton: Additional guardians except perhaps to prevent anyone from easily eating me.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: But.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they are with her i'm not sure that it's relevant.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what matters is.
Timothy Sackton: I must stay here.
Timothy Sackton: To keep my daughter alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we understand we're just I think we're just trying to understand if we are able to return the heart with haste might not, as you said, if just you and I, together can help create this illusion that.
Mike (Delwath): The heart creates an illusion, yes that's its main purpose.
Timothy Sackton: that's the main purpose.
Mike (Delwath): Why illusion won't keep out those who have already crossed it's bad.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Correct yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So Mina so help us solve a problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's no use reason for returning the heart to benefit us in the short term, then we don't have to do it, but if there is.
John Leeker: Good we bring the monks here could we bring cocoon all.
John Leeker: of her priest here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your cod that the may says, I understand it it's alive cocoon and it's spirits are animating much of what we see the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is in its full power in its home back in the Mesa in the template.
Mike (Delwath): It is also too much to risk right at the end of the day, if we cannot save your daughter's Sintra.
Mike (Delwath): We can at least save donmar by returning the heart.
Mike (Delwath): And not saying we give up on your daughter, but it's not worth risking cocoons protection of this old land to save your daughter.
Timothy Sackton: The one thing more important than my daughter is the heart.
Mike (Delwath): So, bringing the mist I hear where they might all get slaughtered seems like a risk, not to be taken.
John Leeker: Your tongue nods and grunts and.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: there's one crucial weakness in this whole system here.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Which is this one character, Sam murky if there's some weakness in him.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: delay or even stop him, perhaps we can impersonate him to get to.
It.
Mike (Delwath): Could we not.
Mike (Delwath): set a trap of some kind here.
Mike (Delwath): We have the wellspring we have the heart.
Mike (Delwath): We have ever we can prepare.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have many advantages right now actually they have no idea about us or our strengths or weaknesses and.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Such a little hidden or we.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: By the way, from summer case.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: prying eyes right at this moment we're under the illusion.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know.
Timothy Sackton: As far as central believes yeah nobody can see you and you're not talking loudly enough to be heard.
Mike (Delwath): 500 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: and never once did you observe some marquee dip below the edge of the.
Timothy Sackton: He never flew.
Timothy Sackton: into the.
wellspring itself.
Timothy Sackton: And now, presumably can't because of the magic of the illusion.
Mike (Delwath): I mean, I think we trust that this magic which is Captain Mars safe for generations in its own small way is keeping us safe now in this Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: It has kept me safe for many, many nights.
David (Wellby): After run the debugger real quick we'll have to stop planning, but i'll be back in like five minutes check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but but I like seeker your your thought on creating a ruse somehow somehow tricking the Gaza I agree if boyd a direct conflict that the best.
Mike (Delwath): Do we not have a ruse ready made at hand Center already said.
Mike (Delwath): She would share the secret tomorrow.
yeah.
Mike (Delwath): And we can already.
Mike (Delwath): Tell some are key or Tele gotta the secret must be shared in person.
Mike (Delwath): And that it's on dangerous you know or untrustworthy come up with a way to to ensure some are key is not within earshot.
Mike (Delwath): Is not nearby.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think anybody knows where here if I got that comes expecting.
Mike (Delwath): A submissive sentra and finds.
Mike (Delwath): A battle against six, it seems like an ambush that could work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we fight her.
Mike (Delwath): What else can we do.
Timothy Sackton: send us as the only other possibility is I stay here.
Timothy Sackton: track her as best I can, and you leave well she is gone and try to free my daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While she stays here.
Timothy Sackton: But I am.
Timothy Sackton: more than willing to fight this creature.
Timothy Sackton: She has ruined everything.
Timothy Sackton: She does not deserve to live.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm looking around at the.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: walls of this very sheer bowl and thinking about.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: or I just wonder allowed, I wonder if we can bury her.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If there's a way to collapse some portion of this.
place.
Timothy Sackton: We would have to ask cocoon.
Timothy Sackton: The wellspring is.
Timothy Sackton: made by her.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Part of her.
Timothy Sackton: She does not want it to collapse that will not collapse.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: At the ravine leading to the stairs, which is the only access of the noles.
Timothy Sackton: it's also a pleasure and it might benefit from.
Closing.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: That might be wise.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If we can get a gutter in there.
Mike (Delwath): Is is there a risk that she has a way to escape and, at the moment of her defeat she will flee back to her aware and know she has betrayed.
Mike (Delwath): And then kill your daughter.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well, no means without risks.
Timothy Sackton: There is definitely a risk of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little wait, I thought the plan would be to draw draw out a gossip with with gingers daughter, to bring them here.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think we want her to bring the daughter yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: In this case, the rock sled.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: story seemed a little bit too risky.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So we're back to the sort of the shadow or me a drink or.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: But.
John Leeker: Could we split if she.
John Leeker: If the data remains on the layer could one or two of us.
John Leeker: We split up.
John Leeker: or some fight and some attempt to rescue the daughter.
Mike (Delwath): That seems.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure that her layer will not be left on garden.
Timothy Sackton: I would not risk it with only half your strength.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: My recent life experience would suggest that any plan that we make probably should be only for the very near term because things are likely to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I ginger I agree with your intuition, that we should not split up, and we should also not send anybody to the layer where there's undoubtedly horrors we cannot imagine or protect ours prepare ourselves well the face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can draw her here with with your daughter.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Supposing summer key in the morning is not the one to send the message, but it's us posing as him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have means to do so.
Timothy Sackton: How did you get the stone.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, that sending scroll wouldn't, let us actually sent oh God that right, because we haven't met her.
Timothy Sackton: The spouse standing reveals the identity of the person who sends the message.
Timothy Sackton: And it also.
Timothy Sackton: requires you to know the person.
Timothy Sackton: That you send a message to as far as Sintra is aware, based on what you said about her daughter, the stone that Sam murky has just broadcasts to the other stone.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait, but Sintra your daughter your daughter is also powerful you said.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but she has only three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I just wonder too if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas Kansas her gestures at seeker, we have a we have a scroll of sending you have the have the capacity to send a message to someone so you could send a message to a God that directly or you could also send a message to your daughter directly.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: This is true.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Also, I can make an Enzo like 12 feet tall if that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't have any powers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I wonder if we alert your daughter at the right time perhaps there's a ruse we could play to then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow somehow pull your daughter from from a goddess grasp, do you know what.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A godson and your daughter were to arrive here together, do you know what by what way a godsend would keep keep your daughter close or bind your daughter to you just a physical captivity or or some other way.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot imagine that she has.
Timothy Sackton: Simply a physical.
Timothy Sackton: manacles or some such thing I am sure that there is magic involved.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What happened house she taken from you.
Timothy Sackton: I was charmed I was under a goddess bound she asked me.
Timothy Sackton: What the power that defends.
Timothy Sackton: donmar is, and I was able to somehow tell her it is me and my daughter, and not reveal the heart.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: She said, well then you're gonna stay here and your daughter's coming with me and I said okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then she put my daughter to sleep and flew off with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your daughter may similarly be charmed.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt for these many months, unless I got that has magic I i'm not aware of, which is of course possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It tends to come up at the you know, everybody else here, you can all cast spells except for a while, be um is there a way for us to break.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: break their charm somehow break, because I, it seems right I sing it seems like intuitively there will be some type of magical control that I got to might have over two inches daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to break that connection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or eight eight what's interesting.
Timothy Sackton: To me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way for us to add somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've heard the strength to break free of a got the.
Mike (Delwath): Most obviously killer got.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If there's a particular spill holding her I may be able to dispel it.
John Leeker: yeah we have what.
John Leeker: we're worried about could cheat charm us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on social try.
yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What does she look like.
Timothy Sackton: She looks like a very old.
Timothy Sackton: dusty woman.
Timothy Sackton: white hair and wearing white desert robes.
Timothy Sackton: She walks slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Her eyes are very old.
Timothy Sackton: But when you look into them.
Timothy Sackton: And she speaks to you suddenly it's if she is speaking as a young woman as a friend ally is somebody who has come to your aid.
Timothy Sackton: But that's just the magic talking.
Timothy Sackton: In reality, or appearances Kurt is as corrupt as our heart.
Mike (Delwath): It it seems to me there's two plans here right we either count on us Sintra to distract August, as long as possible while we.
Mike (Delwath): enter her aware and attempt to rescue your daughter.
Mike (Delwath): I think this.
Mike (Delwath): Is not.
Mike (Delwath): likely result in our get to.
Mike (Delwath): being defeated.
Mike (Delwath): And it frankly probably does not result in us surviving.
Mike (Delwath): But it may be a safer way for your daughter, to be freed I think if I get to was distracted now we'd have to think of what to do about the heart but presumably it is safe in the wellspring until you take it out.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: The hour around dusk and the hour around dawn when the wellspring fills and drains.
Timothy Sackton: This pool is not.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: It is in chicagoans relman the place where those who.
Timothy Sackton: get lost trying to find their way past her defenses go.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Not of this.
Timothy Sackton: plane.
Mike (Delwath): dope.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you are put it in.
Timothy Sackton: The hour around dusk or dawn and take it out.
Timothy Sackton: same time the port, the connection to shut coons realm is only open for those two hours of the day.
Mike (Delwath): But what if we put it in and just did not take it out, would it stay safe and chickens realm and tell 10 tasks from now.
Timothy Sackton: It would stay forever until someone claimed.
David (Wellby): That we put your daughter in there.
Timothy Sackton: If we had my daughter, that would be a wonderful plan.
well.
David (Wellby): I had a thought.
David (Wellby): Was that walking the dog.
David (Wellby): Center you can create this illusion to keep people out, could you do that, to keep someone in.
Timothy Sackton: What do you mean.
David (Wellby): Well let's say we tell a gotta that.
David (Wellby): In order for.
David (Wellby): The heart of Chicago and in order for your daughter.
David (Wellby): powers to be unlocked yes to be here in this place.
David (Wellby): So we get her to come.
David (Wellby): With your daughter here.
David (Wellby): And she comes into the ball you create the illusion to keep her in.
David (Wellby): And then.
David (Wellby): You know we're fighting on our own terms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be I like your idea of using.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: check in strength to our advantage.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder to it, maybe we could create.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A few powerful illusions one to keep pinterest dot are safe, but a second somehow to trick a godson into believing that she has the power of chicken that somehow she she has a cheap power when, in reality, she is not, and then perhaps we can escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without having to confront her at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do.
Mike (Delwath): Do we want to escape without confronting her once she knows she's been betrayed I do not think.
Mike (Delwath): She will rest until she has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The dulles.
Mike (Delwath): dealt with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to get this stone back to the heart back to the temple.
Mike (Delwath): yeah well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The heart.
Mike (Delwath): If if if okta if we were all dispersed.
Mike (Delwath): I got that would have no reason to care about this place, would you not.
Mike (Delwath): What would stop.
Mike (Delwath): What would stop Kent Rosa from just walking in and claiming the heart from the wall stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, exactly, but we, the the power of heart lies in when it will points.
Mike (Delwath): So if we fail.
David (Wellby): This is the moment.
Mike (Delwath): And are all killed by I gotta the heart stay safe here, as long as controls to nose to come and get it.
David (Wellby): This is the moment that we should reach out to dress up we tell them what's going on, we asked for his counsel.
Mike (Delwath): I mean is that is that right Center of the heart stay safe until somebody takes it.
Timothy Sackton: The hard stays safe until and initiate of the Miss dianna cocoon.
Timothy Sackton: reaches into ship coons round at dawn or dusk and retrieves that.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who was not blessed by she couldn't will find.
Timothy Sackton: amaze that they cannot escape from the no food and no water until they.
Timothy Sackton: decay and die and fade into the realm.
Mike (Delwath): Trying to just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: If we can somehow get her here it for that one hour and.
Timothy Sackton: For serve or trick or into the portal unless she has a way of traversing the planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we enter 10 leaning on get her into the portal without having it is there a danger of the stone being in the portal, at the same time we trap her they're.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: interesting questions.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think we might need to make a decoys higher heart for her to go after.
Timothy Sackton: don't believe that would be a danger, this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is sure coons around.
Timothy Sackton: And do not believe she would.
Timothy Sackton: allow her heart to be taken there.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Is it is a it is she has complete the gods struggle to reach this plane, the gods need to act through week mortals such as myself, who can be tricked and influenced and charmed by evil magic.
Timothy Sackton: in Chicago one's own realm.
Timothy Sackton: She does not need week mortal flesh to act.
Timothy Sackton: I do not believe there is any way that she would allow the heart to be taken, while it is in her possession.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then perhaps we we tell her that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chinchilla is indeed the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that, for her to activate the true power of the heart, she needs to enter the wellspring which intra.
Mike (Delwath): With with them.
Mike (Delwath): what's your name to.
Timothy Sackton: Do my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: daughter do.
John Leeker: With a daughter.
Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, when she enters the portal she'll be she'll be in tunes realm where Jimmy will be protected the stone will be protected and a godsend last.
Mike (Delwath): And if she does not fall for the trick.
Mike (Delwath): there's many other ways once she's here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What many other ways killer.
Mike (Delwath): makes his sword appear in his hand.
John Leeker: We fight we can set traps, you know right, where she is that will have time to plan.
Timothy Sackton: I am not confident in my ability to.
Timothy Sackton: track adoption data to.
Timothy Sackton: step into her own demise but.
Timothy Sackton: I see no reason not to try, we are willing to fight if it fails.
Timothy Sackton: I will say.
One thing.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I do have some power and cocoon does sometimes listen to me.
Timothy Sackton: If you like, I could ask her a question.
Timothy Sackton: one.
question.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: single question concerning a specific goal or activity or event within the next seven days.
Timothy Sackton: And she will.
Timothy Sackton: reply in some manner as best she knows.
Timothy Sackton: To that question.
Timothy Sackton: could do this if it would be useful.
Mike (Delwath): Yes.
Mike (Delwath): I think we ask something like.
Mike (Delwath): Will.
Mike (Delwath): Your Oracle and heart be restored.
Mike (Delwath): To their rightful place.
Mike (Delwath): If we bring a God to wellspring.
Mike (Delwath): or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they are they yes or no questions or can we ask something a little more general.
Timothy Sackton: In my experience.
Timothy Sackton: You can ask anything and i've asked many questions of her.
Timothy Sackton: But the replies are not always straightforward.
Mike (Delwath): I think what we most need to know is whether the risk of enticing a got to here is.
Mike (Delwath): too high, it seems to me that if we tell can Rossa, how to retrieve the heart and we fail and.
Mike (Delwath): And in some.
Mike (Delwath): While in death or something else worse.
Mike (Delwath): At least we won't be here in a got to will have no interest in this Canyon.
Mike (Delwath): As my hope at least and control, so I could simply stroll in in a week and reclaim the heart.
Mike (Delwath): If we succeed, well, of course I got says defeated right but alternatively The other possibility is that we would be better off.
Mike (Delwath): Separating her from her domain and trying to fleet free.
Mike (Delwath): To do my.
Mike (Delwath): Jimmy Jimmy trying to free Jimmy.
Mike (Delwath): By sneaking into her where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's I think that's the bigger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: question that the biggest unknown duluth is where is the best ways where's the best place for us to extract Jimmy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even if, even if a gods that comes here with Jimmy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know what charms god's hands on her we don't know I mean and if, and if we did try to trick her into the other other dimension and we fail, she may instantly try to kill Jimmy if she realizes that she's not the source of power so.
Mike (Delwath): True from all I know, a fake charms the death of the caster universally freeze.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah it'd be great to kill I gotta but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I I think I think you're the the heart feels to be like it will be safe right to your point we can send can dress to the note and let him know that we're storing the heart here in the wellspring and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I think that will be fine, we should do that, no matter what, but I think the question, perhaps for for sure coons for to help us divine is where is the where is where is it got to the weakest and where's the best place to extract.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: extract search engine.
Mike (Delwath): And I think in particular where's the best place to extract GMB is a good.
Mike (Delwath): We know a got to will be weak.
Mike (Delwath): weakest here, compared to her, her own.
Mike (Delwath): Where but is.
Mike (Delwath): yeah is our best chance at X is that your Ai created.
Timothy Sackton: that's gotta pretty close actually.
Mike (Delwath): Is Jimmy more at risk coming here versus going there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree that that feels like a good question so.
John Leeker: To a possible solution to Jimmy problem is can't we tell.
John Leeker: This demon to truth return the daughter, to the lake and the powerful can grab the heart she'll be unable to grab the heart should kunal protect the daughter.
John Leeker: We don't have to live for charmed we can still tell the truth.
John Leeker: The daughter returns show daughter will be safe, it was chicken the heart, will be safe and that will be our best bet.
John Leeker: to separate them.
John Leeker: She can bring the daughter to us as part of the arrangement.
John Leeker: And should kunal protect.
John Leeker: The daughter, and the heart.
John Leeker: And it should not defeat the woman, we can we can work to defeat her and we don't have to worry about the heart or the diner because they're both being sure coons and rice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Chicago Chicago this is this is rather brilliant I mean it's again that to reveal the true nature of the heart, revealing the true nature of the heart, while it is within the wellspring that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty.
Mike (Delwath): Do we even have to reveal the true nature, as opposed to, I thought you were suggesting we use her own tricks against her tower a literal truth that's totally not when she expects it to me.
John Leeker: Okay, it can be both it can, because the daughter is special the daughter is with Shakira the daughter does have power.
John Leeker: And the dire don't you only need to care this this poor girl with the waters anyway.
John Leeker: isn't this how this began.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean.
John Leeker: That was.
Timothy Sackton: Just trek as soon as I showed up here.
Timothy Sackton: She snapped her fingers and it was gone, I think.
Timothy Sackton: A God that.
Timothy Sackton: She is old and she has collected much strange magic over the years.
Timothy Sackton: She did something somehow some.
Timothy Sackton: Some way to infiltrate my dreams and my daughter has dreams some.
Timothy Sackton: She must have this must have been valuable to her for I can only imagine she used strong and rare magic to accomplish this but.
Timothy Sackton: As far as I could tell when she took my daughter Jimmy was healthy and fine if.
Timothy Sackton: under the sway of a fake creature.
Mike (Delwath): Our tricks will also be more convincing the less.
Mike (Delwath): The last extravagant they are right, could we not will will show Khun keep your daughter safe, I assume, putting your daughter in the wellspring would not be a risk.
Timothy Sackton: I trust your Kuhn.
Mike (Delwath): Could we not tell Agha to the literal truth.
Mike (Delwath): Jimmy can retrieve can can become the power, you need if you send her into the wellspring.
Mike (Delwath): When she emerges all the power.
Mike (Delwath): That you're seeking will be at will be in front of you.
John Leeker: But.
Mike (Delwath): Truth Jimmy could go get the heart.
Mike (Delwath): She won't yelp.
Mike (Delwath): Will trust the chicken that once Jimmy goes in the wellspring cocoon will not allow her to.
Mike (Delwath): Stay charmed and retrieve the heart, for I guess.
John Leeker: As initiates can we enter into the wellspring.
John Leeker: As partial initiates.
Timothy Sackton: I believe you could.
Timothy Sackton: Only kenzo I think could truly see.
Timothy Sackton: But yes.
Timothy Sackton: I see cocoons blessing on you.
Timothy Sackton: And lingers still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we all are, some of us go into the wellspring with the heart.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We may need a hiding place at some point, and that seems especially good one.
Mike (Delwath): How big is the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: The pool itself is about 15 feet by 10 feet.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Had the happy, it seems very, very deep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's too it's very, very dark water and it's almost you can't really see that there is a bottom.
Mike (Delwath): I mean it, it is, it is another plane at once you go past the surface right.
Mike (Delwath): that's not understanding so who knows what's there right presumably we won't drown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Sintra Sintra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we enter the wellspring and enter cocoons realm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As soon as if a goddess steps foot into that wellspring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would we not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would you feel confident that we could escape that we could all leave the wellspring and that god's I could stay with stay trapped that she couldn't would would understand intuitively to do so.
Mike (Delwath): I think a God is an ancient Faye who will never step to her own death.
David (Wellby): yeah.
Mike (Delwath): She will know she will know that the wellspring is not safe for her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what if it's the only place that she can get the stone, because the stone is there this all of this chicanery and engineering and whoever a gotta reports to remember, I who knows if a Gothic by themselves, they desperately are seeking this stone, or they know.
Mike (Delwath): She doesn't even know the stone exists.
John Leeker: But she knows the heart exists just not what the heart is.
John Leeker: Exactly what she thinks the heart is the child.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she knows that the supreme or that there's like some power that protects done mar in caps located within this oracle's and she thinks that it's to me.
Right.
Mike (Delwath): I do not think.
Mike (Delwath): The fey are above all selfish.
Mike (Delwath): she's not going to destroy herself.
Mike (Delwath): At the end of the day, if she felt like the only way to get the heart, was to destroy yourself never would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why would she think that you were dead somersault.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She doesn't know the nature of the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't be too, Sir, certain is that be able to say something.
yeah.
Mike (Delwath): See, I think our plan is going to work better if we don't push her past the point where her danger sense tingles.
Mike (Delwath): and her survival says, I shouldn't do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, then that only means that we have to confront her head on.
Mike (Delwath): I think it's good a place to die as any, why not confront her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but why don't we spend a little moments here and just see if we can trigger completed, because I think there's a there's an incredible opportunity.
David (Wellby): We can trigger.
Mike (Delwath): But I think.
Mike (Delwath): So my fear is that the attempt to.
Mike (Delwath): Fully trigger will counteract the smaller trick of her sending you my into the wellspring and saving both July and the heart and one step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you think about god's getting sicker.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was just gonna ask in our kind of thing is there a grand tradition of.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Mere mortals successfully fooling powerful fe or is there a grand tradition of people trying to trick powerful fe and being trapped for a turn oh.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're I think you would, I would say that your senses, given your sort of our current skill and experience, like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's, it is possible to get the better of one of these fe there's definitely like legends of you know, but there are legends it's not.
Timothy Sackton: it's not the case that everybody who goes and treats with the fe comes back.
Timothy Sackton: Having you know deceived them and gotten some great boon from it it's the case that.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the stories are you shouldn't do this because they'll get the better of you, and then the fact that there's one story about the you know the one woman who went to the fe wild and.
Timothy Sackton: trick the fake cord into granting her some great boon is a great big legendary story because it's not the sort of typical fit.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: but not impossible.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but I like I definitely agree, I think that, being able to protect both of June and the heart is paramount, so if we can trick her a godson instead releasing the wellspring for that she can read the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And should make a.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Great.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: sacrifice.
Mike (Delwath): it's the honest truth.
John Leeker: mm hmm.
Mike (Delwath): So even if she has a charm dress that out.
Mike (Delwath): Even if she casts the truth spell we didn't even offer to speak on I mean there are many ways to turn that sequence into something that doesn't feel to her like a trick, because the literal truth is is sending July into the wellspring would be a way to retrieve the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right now, where Well, now we can be one of two places we could be inside the wall spring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or hidden someplace here ready to attack.
David (Wellby): I like inside the wellspring.
Mike (Delwath): I like inside the wellspring.
David (Wellby): she's gonna have that she's been around this long she'll have some way to find us enough word.
Mike (Delwath): And she'll have to get close to put to my in the walls right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So there's still a guy orbiting up there, as far as we know, to contend with.
Timothy Sackton: How long are you willing to spend and chickens around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work there.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't rightly know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David (Wellby): We are prepared to spend either zero or an infinite amount of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dollars are you tired of spending time in extra dimensional realms.
Mike (Delwath): Tired isn't quite the right word.
David (Wellby): hungry for he hasn't been an extra dimensional realm for months.
Mike (Delwath): hungry for us kind of the opposite it's more.
Mike (Delwath): willing to do what is necessary.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I mean i'd love to know what this Mesa looks like in 50,000 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the future, or the past.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the part of all open again in the hour around dawn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tip just said, it would be pretty cool we landed the portal and we came out, it was like 50,000 years past.
And it's like.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: What that have to write a whole new.
campaign.
Mike (Delwath): I think it would be next dusk that we would expect agata to be here.
Mike (Delwath): Right, that would be the soonest we could prepare and be ready for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is not some AKI coming is he not coming in this morning.
Timothy Sackton: He thought he was coming at dawn in the morning to check in on Sintra.
John Leeker: And that's what we do specimen Center delivers the message to have a guy come at does.
John Leeker: To complete the transaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that yes, that she will she will give the stone, she will she will give the heart in exchange for children.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Doing.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That way.
Mike (Delwath): I think I would say.
Mike (Delwath): Yes, show how to unlock the power of the heart and exchange for jimmy's life.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Can we i'm not sure i'm clear on the current state.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: at all.
Mike (Delwath): So I think the plan is.
Mike (Delwath): To TIM understand Sintra is going to convince agata to come here next dusk.
With.
Mike (Delwath): With Jimmy and, ideally, with no allies and no other creatures or things.
Mike (Delwath): If possible.
Mike (Delwath): Then somebody central presumably again is going to convince.
Mike (Delwath): agata that the way in which the power of the heart is unlocked is by sending Jimmy into the wellspring and she will then emerge with the power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to retreat, yes, because because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gods that does not understand a beast will not know directly from any of us the true nature of the wellspring right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she'll know show if there's a way for a godsend a sense, the power of the heart within the wellspring without knowing the nature of the wellspring then perhaps she would be willing to let.
Mike (Delwath): Our to lead you meet you got it.
Right.
Mike (Delwath): Then, as soon as Jimmy enters the wellspring.
Mike (Delwath): We emerge from the wellspring and kill a gotta.
David (Wellby): And the other guy.
Mike (Delwath): Hopefully he's far away.
David (Wellby): and possibly everyone who's at the top of the Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's.
Mike (Delwath): Two right there far away it'll take a little while to get here.
John Leeker: And we can.
David (Wellby): Why wouldn't have got to have all of her people around her.
John Leeker: It should Kuhn doesn't like that I assume, she is not happy with any of this that would also not be alive.
John Leeker: right if we're asking God they to, in a sense, participate or partially participate in a ritual to get the heart of Chicago which a got the has partial understanding of we're telling the truth.
John Leeker: is not happy with this arrangement.
Mike (Delwath): it'll make you happy yeah.
John Leeker: It will not work to keep sukhum happy, the data needs to be returned to the wellspring so the heart can be accessed we're not lying in any way we can be charmed and if we can basically barely keep your wits about us, we should keep that story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're not getting near.
Mike (Delwath): near I got all Sintra will be hiding in the spring, so we can ambush.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I can tell TIM thinks this is going to work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 sure what do you think of this plan so far.
Mike (Delwath): But we also need to ask Kuhn, what your couldn't thinks of this point.
Mike (Delwath): yeah.
Mike (Delwath): In some fashion.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes, kendra Rosa.
Mike (Delwath): Rosa Rosa what to do in case what actually happens is Agha enslaves us all and brings us off into the wild to be here, you know millions.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and give that about 85%.
Timothy Sackton: This plan hinges on.
Timothy Sackton: i'll get to truly believing.
Timothy Sackton: That bringing my daughter here is in her best interests.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I can convince her of that.
Timothy Sackton: If I.
Timothy Sackton: fail.
Timothy Sackton: And she comes without my daughter.
Timothy Sackton: What do we do.
Timothy Sackton: Or perhaps that so we asked chuck.
David (Wellby): yeah hmm.
John Leeker: are many more daughters and then just years at state with us.
Timothy Sackton: And that is not entirely true to God my daughter.
Timothy Sackton: Without a supreme Oracle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That she's not just any daughter, she is directly related to the protective powers and.
Timothy Sackton: Without a supreme article.
Timothy Sackton: Those girls and boys will die.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Now, reaching my middle years.
Timothy Sackton: I will not have any more children.
Timothy Sackton: my daughter dies, I do not know when another blessed of Chicago and will be born.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's ask she couldn't.
Mike (Delwath): that's probably not the most important question to find out right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What question.
Mike (Delwath): When another I.
Mike (Delwath): know your thing asked couldn't what happens if I get that doesn't bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know just just we want to understand where how how what is most likely to get August to release the release Jimmy we want it, we want to know if if she's more likely to do it here, or if the if the story that we've concocted would be enough to convince her to bring her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And not only bring to the wellspring.
David (Wellby): Would you be willing to trade your life for your daughters.
Yes.
No question.
David (Wellby): I think you offer yourself as I mean you could offer yourself as collateral and she goes in.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think we'll have to do something like that to persuade her yes.
Timothy Sackton: If a God that comes here with Jimmy.
Timothy Sackton: I trust her.
Timothy Sackton: She will.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow keep her safe.
Timothy Sackton: If a God that does not bring my daughter, to the wellspring and comes alone.
Then what.
Timothy Sackton: Do we just attack and killer here.
Timothy Sackton: Risk risker escaping and knowing the betrayal.
Mike (Delwath): then turn away tower that the park cannot be that the power cannot be retrieved you are telling the truth.
John Leeker: mm hmm.
David (Wellby): your daughter if if it got to believe that your daughter is the heart.
David (Wellby): I mean support that double down on that.
John Leeker: At this point I assume a God they realized is the daughter isn't the heart, because this isn't going the daughters leverage at this point.
John Leeker: Right, the assumption was the daughter was the heart, after months, no forward progress the daughter is a hostage and is leverage trying to get the actual truth.
you're right.
John Leeker: that's what we're offering.
John Leeker: The actual truth.
Mike (Delwath): Or it just doesn't know how to.
Mike (Delwath): extract the daughters power, the daughter could conceptually still be the heart, if, for example, the daughters actual heart was the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or if the daughters power would be activated when combined with this stone which is in the last.
Mike (Delwath): But I think Sintra you you play to her interest, I mean.
Mike (Delwath): All she could do.
Mike (Delwath): If he comes here and does not believe you.
Mike (Delwath): What can she can do, she can.
Mike (Delwath): I guess she could kill, you and your daughter and frustration with her failure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sintra, do you have the sense that a God says working for somebody else or has an agreement with somebody else around this, why does she care so much about the heart.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt at.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think she cares about the heart, particularly.
Timothy Sackton: After what secrets that I wonder if she somehow sees this is a way to.
Timothy Sackton: find some powerful artifact Maybe she made a bargain.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe somebody else cares about the borders of donmar being unprotected, and she made a deal for something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels more like this feels more going on.
Mike (Delwath): If the borders of Denmark unprotected, you can walk amongst the borders of Dunbar for powerful artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: awesome.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So does crush work for her.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think she would work for somebody not nothing so crass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now she's she makes agreements, she makes deals.
David (Wellby): And she gets her revenge against Denmark through others that way.
Mike (Delwath): But if she's made a deal with somebody to break the defenses have done more.
Mike (Delwath): Of course, the danger there is if she believes that the defenses have done more will be broken, why would she not if that's your deal, why would you not just kill your daughter.
John Leeker: defenses just could be an added benefit.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt a creature like a gotta ever does anything that isn't also in her own interests, every story of her that she makes a deal and she get something out of it beyond what the person who made the deal gives her.
Timothy Sackton: or she wanted.
Timothy Sackton: artifacts or power or something.
Timothy Sackton: She may have our own game.
Timothy Sackton: at work, in addition to.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever if she even made a deal.
David (Wellby): um how, how does the just chasing down another possibility what's the timeline with her taking the daughter versus like when Volvo would have left chart and say.
Timothy Sackton: Ah volo would have left before the barrier fell before she took her daughter, to the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: followed probably left charting and remember chart is like 1000 miles away.
Timothy Sackton: Follow probably left in like December or somewhere like that, and it wasn't until February that.
Timothy Sackton: check that out central left.
David (Wellby): I mean that that doesn't rule doesn't rule out that she's made a deal with the society to do but.
Timothy Sackton: Now, rather than definitely doesn't roll that out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My God could have got to be in league with charting.
Is.
Mike (Delwath): Although I fly would chart in China, and presumably can pass through the barrier.
Mike (Delwath): Without I mean plenty people pass the border of Denmark right like traders caravans have wings it's not like the chart own ian's turn only it's probably even travel through done martyrs of borrowed time.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, while be passed through the borders.
Timothy Sackton: they're not you know it's it's only keeps out people who have.
Timothy Sackton: Who our enemies, have done more right like it's it's the the terrain looks different depending on what your intentions are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much of what to ask she could because I think I think this if we ask the right question, I think we can settle on a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think radek.
John Leeker: Could should Kuhn to we asked her to send a message to a good day to convince her of the necessity of bringing the child that's the variable if she doesn't bring the child our plan is ruined.
David (Wellby): What will make her bring the child.
Mike (Delwath): How far is the gases were from here do we.
know.
Timothy Sackton: it's about.
Timothy Sackton: 5060 miles, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a bit further.
Mike (Delwath): One other question.
Mike (Delwath): I thought, no.
Mike (Delwath): centric could you I think will be asked this in a different way earlier, but could you keep agata here for any length of time.
Timothy Sackton: I could try.
David (Wellby): Could you say it meaning more directly, if she tried to teleport away if she tried to leave this plane.
David (Wellby): Could you close the borders of this.
space.
Mike (Delwath): I was thinking more another strategy might be to.
Mike (Delwath): Have a plan, regardless of what it does, we debated two plans at the beginning, one entice i'll get to come here with her daughter, the other entice Agha to come here and go and get her daughter, if you could hold.
Mike (Delwath): aka here for long enough for us to leave and go and get your daughter well i'll get to stay here, that would be days if it's 50 miles to her, where I do not know if you could hold her here for for a day or two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we're not but that plan, I mean we're not going to go to God says layer and not know it's the traps or anything else there to rescue ginger is not right.
Timothy Sackton: If we wait until we are pretty sure.
Timothy Sackton: A God that has left her layer
Timothy Sackton: I could ask cocoon does a gotta have my daughter with her.
John Leeker: um.
Mike (Delwath): That.
Mike (Delwath): That is a good idea.
John Leeker: For how long does it take her to from when we know if the daughters with her not how long we have to prepare.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know how fast that God, I can travel.
Timothy Sackton: Assuming it's not instantaneous.
Timothy Sackton: She walks along the ground.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: You know very little about her powers only.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She easily could teleport here.
David (Wellby): or near here.
or near.
Mike (Delwath): How to fake me do we have any.
Mike (Delwath): Like.
Timothy Sackton: On a check yeah.
Mike (Delwath): anything about faith travel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a teleport there's another one around here.
Mike (Delwath): let's go with the.
Timothy Sackton: guys that rolling wow.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Of course there are stories dealt with from the war of you know armies and elves used to do this as well, using the planes to travel, but.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know that that is not.
Timothy Sackton: Common magic and.
Timothy Sackton: Most fe that one encounters and tug are not.
Timothy Sackton: Typically traveling rapidly back and forth between planes or even teleporting teleportation is quite strong magic and pretty rare.
Timothy Sackton: Most most pay.
Timothy Sackton: either.
Timothy Sackton: Travel like anyone else sure or a cross between planes that fixed points.
Timothy Sackton: That allow easier reversal there's not a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: I mean certainly some can fly.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some can pass through walls.
Timothy Sackton: But teleport it's you haven't there's not a lot there's not like common story is about you know fake teleporting I mean long distances right like they might be able to teleport 100 feet, or something.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, and there's not really stories about it's only very powerful faith that you know, like arch fake and of course snap their fingers and right go wherever they want, but you know there.
Timothy Sackton: Are god's has not an art fair or she would not be like making deals with right people should be doing whatever she wanted.
Mike (Delwath): So.
Mike (Delwath): That makes me think we would have some time it's unlikely, she would be she probably can fly.
Mike (Delwath): But even if she's flying.
Mike (Delwath): 5060 miles would take.
Mike (Delwath): Two hours three hours.
Timothy Sackton: No, I dared she could fly I mean.
Mike (Delwath): She probably could even fly that fast.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's that's flying 25 miles an hour that's quite fast like probably a day.
John Leeker: So, how does put her errand boy.
John Leeker: He must not be at the layer then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's above us right now flying around.
Timothy Sackton: He he central says he rarely seems to leave.
Mike (Delwath): yeah and why don't we just ask.
Mike (Delwath): I mean.
Mike (Delwath): You could say to you could say the errand boy.
Mike (Delwath): You know.
Mike (Delwath): How long does it take all gotta get here, because if she's not here by.
Mike (Delwath): You know, because you need to be I don't know how smart is our boy.
Mike (Delwath): But.
Timothy Sackton: Never seemed he's.
Timothy Sackton: So your impression like from what century sad and just like your fans.
Mike (Delwath): liked it.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously he's clever enough to like trick people and be like I saw you, but I did but i'm gonna fly off and then come blast you when you're not expecting it but he's not like he's not any sharp wet right like so.
Mike (Delwath): Could we just tell them that we're sending the message to architect through him right, could we not tell them that.
Mike (Delwath): You have to set something up.
Mike (Delwath): And you need to know if she'll make it here.
Mike (Delwath): By this dusk or by the next one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
John Leeker: We could also use that leverage if he's scared of her can I get some accuse key could Fuck this up, if he doesn't arrange everything right, I assume, we got to it's not like a nice boss, to have.
yep.
Mike (Delwath): So I mean if we could, if we could get some hints of her travel speed from.
Mike (Delwath): from him I don't think it's instantaneous right, so the question is just.
Mike (Delwath): Therefore, go if we are going to leave right there's two problems one kind of a pain to get out of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we leaving I thought the plan was to go into the wellspring to ambush.
Mike (Delwath): wow if if, when agata weaves she does not have July with her, then we go to plan B, which is go go to get as as quickly as possible and rescue Jim I.
Mike (Delwath): agree.
David (Wellby): I wonder if this goes against for security said but, like, I wonder if there's some way to trick invisible flying guy into trying to make a run for it himself.
Timothy Sackton: still here.
David (Wellby): Like it'd be nice to kill them separately, rather than together.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I totally agree with that and was trying to advocate for that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Before yeah.
John Leeker: We could Fuck him up and stills walkie talkie.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think that if we just focus on that as the proximal goal everything else will become clear, once we have that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Clear I shouldn't be today.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We could probably beat him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think we should use the question to certain wisely to better find to find the best way to get Jimmy away from a gotta.
Mike (Delwath): So I think we're overthinking this there's only two possible plans we're spending a long time debating which of the two planes, there are, but if cocoon tells us whether Jimmy is with our guitar or not, then we know which plan we're going with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but I think there may be, I think I think we want no matter what we want you to me here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want yet.
Timothy Sackton: I agree with seeker.
David (Wellby): I think I think we have a good plan, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to just hear me out like why can't we asked a question what's the best way to have to have a God to bring Jimmy here.
Mike (Delwath): I think we've burned her question.
David (Wellby): I think it's because they're not gonna answer that sort of a question.
Mike (Delwath): well.
Mike (Delwath): But it's going to be.
Mike (Delwath): But also it's going to be vague and it's going to basically be like okay here's some possibility, we spend another hour debating what it is and then we're going to go to bed.
Mike (Delwath): It sounds boring.
David (Wellby): Right, I, like our plan, I like.
Mike (Delwath): I also just.
Mike (Delwath): We only have one question she could write, more seriously, we will have one question right.
Mike (Delwath): The the.
Mike (Delwath): The question is, do my with you, with agata is one that will probably get a pretty clear yes or no on because it's it's not trying to foretell the future it's literally she couldn't just have to look and see what the hell is going on right.
John Leeker: And then, then we have to spend money, she has a connection with.
John Leeker: Yes, she couldn't could totally know that.
John Leeker: Exactly even.
Mike (Delwath): enter limit so i'm guessing we're going against.
Mike (Delwath): A pretty obvious like yes or now right.
David (Wellby): we're gonna find my iPhone.
Mike (Delwath): exactly right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'll work I don't disagree that that'll work but it's just if if it turns out that she's comes without the child I don't see how that helps us.
Mike (Delwath): Because we're gonna have a whole second plan which is.
Mike (Delwath): Breaking to her where well she's not there for the child.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right which is like, I think.
David (Wellby): I don't think she'll come up with a child, though, because.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think she will either, but again second plan break in Delaware or she's not there and free the child.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, whatever dude let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're adamant.
David (Wellby): like this.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Mike (Delwath): I mean Sintra yeah good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is centrism.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about the plan.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she wants to fight a God.
Timothy Sackton: She wants to get her daughter back if there's a plan that get a got to hear to kill and her daughter here to save she's quite happy.
John Leeker: To work Center you may have to fight and die alone with a good day bye we saved her daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would that be the case.
John Leeker: that's if.
John Leeker: We have to go play her.
John Leeker: that's Plan B is, you have to hold her off long enough, so we have the time to for your daughter, and if you lose she'll be weekend.
John Leeker: enough.
Timothy Sackton: that's if that's what happens that's what happens.
David (Wellby): Okay, we got this I also, incidentally, think we should fill the slot Canyon with rebels, so that everyone else can come in, while we're talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should definitely do that and we should also said, the the note to kendra Sir.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: let's do that okay so.
Timothy Sackton: You do all these things, send a note you're using a scholar sending to tell can dress.
Timothy Sackton: The plan basically and 25 words or less but.
Timothy Sackton: hold on wait in carrying it out.
Mike (Delwath): I just had a stupid, I thought.
Mike (Delwath): Why couldn't we use a scroll sending to ask you, my where she is.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We haven't met her Oh, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what we try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: centric and send a message directly to agata or to junior don't.
David (Wellby): doesn't have to follow us before we can DM her.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: She went to stick with our just thinking if we watch these the.
Mike (Delwath): chicken question or something else but let's just stick with the plan.
Okay.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: tonight.
Timothy Sackton: you send the message to can dress that and then go to bed yes.
David (Wellby): And kendra replies presumably.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, can dresser applies.
Timothy Sackton: amazing great.
Timothy Sackton: I spent too long planning, I thought I forgot what Ken dresses personality is.
Timothy Sackton: Is it but he's happy with, I mean he.
Timothy Sackton: He is incredibly relieved that Center is alive, not the hardest here, and he acknowledges the risk, but also the fact that even if everything goes totally horribly.
Timothy Sackton: and get it from the West, I can just wait a couple weeks and then go to the wellspring and it should be safe to retrieve the heart cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When do we fill up the Canyon with rebel.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Will mentor cod.
Mike (Delwath): We should do that at night, while what's underneath the illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like right now.
Mike (Delwath): Right now yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And we can do more or less silently also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep yeah well one thing, also be assigned to her that we've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um there's like she see if she sees her notices that then isn't that like unless we can somehow disguise the rubble.
David (Wellby): Narrow enough though that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: will have to do it, partly up the slot.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Canyon that's not visible from the bowl.
John Leeker: yeah that would be ideal.
Mike (Delwath): yeah yeah and how are we creating the rebel.
moto.
Timothy Sackton: moto just let you dig Earth.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So we'll dig from the upper side.
Mike (Delwath): Please do we were just a pit trap.
Mike (Delwath): We use mold earth to dig out a 20 foot 20 foot deep a 20 foot deep 20 foot wide.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Just a whole whole I mean if you spend a few hours on it, you can dig up.
Timothy Sackton: You could just dig the sandy dirt ground of the pit Kenyan 40 feet down.
Mike (Delwath): that's great why don't we just do that.
David (Wellby): was great.
Mike (Delwath): They already have minor illusion.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, then you.
Timothy Sackton: enter does.
Mike (Delwath): Can cheat How long does that last does she.
Have.
Mike (Delwath): She have an illusion spell that lasts for a longer.
know.
Mike (Delwath): that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What she does that if she can right.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
John Leeker: Could we take some water from the well and Florida in the hole and then should we can use that to expand the water out.
David (Wellby): Well, I hold up.
Mike (Delwath): I haven't we just put some branches and scrub over it, we don't need to make this complicated.
David (Wellby): I think proficiency with these tools also lets me create traps.
Timothy Sackton: Nice yeah you could totally make a.
Timothy Sackton: Curry to trap yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's great.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Alright, so we're making a giant pit trap halfway up the slot Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice brilliant.
John Leeker: We subtly direct her to be at a specific point when she goes towards if if she is arriving could we prep the area around the the water, so we have everything like in a sense, cited in so when we jump out, we know our spells are queued up any.
John Leeker: prepping that ground to hurt her hinder her otherwise make it more difficult for her.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be wise.
Mike (Delwath): I don't know what that would involve, though.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: The difficult terrain thing is not indefinite right.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Well, here, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, actually so Sidra cod are probably the most, the most important thing we need to protect ourselves against is her charm so if there's any spells or type of protection that any of you could offer us along those lines that would be very valuable.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Which isn't black.
Timothy Sackton: wow whoops sorry hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Can you see it now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I might need to put your tokens on there hold on I do see it okay.
Mike (Delwath): yeah yeah here it is.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Nice place.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK, where do.
Mike (Delwath): that's the wellspring that thing.
Timothy Sackton: that's the wellspring yep it would be sand during the day and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US inside.
Timothy Sackton: So let's let's move through this in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: You all hide in the tent and actually maybe sleep, because you.
Timothy Sackton: stayed off for a good part of the night.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: To beta.
Timothy Sackton: Debating and.
Timothy Sackton: delving a pit trap Oh, make it make a dexterity check plus proficiency for your pit trap well be.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We can do.
Timothy Sackton: It so 11 that's not terrible.
David (Wellby): Do a bandage for being assistant.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's not a.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: team effort.
Timothy Sackton: Oh actually.
Timothy Sackton: Before you do Center will say.
Timothy Sackton: I can help and she will cast enhance the ability and give you advantage on dexterity checks.
Timothy Sackton: which was.
Timothy Sackton: But but that's not including your proficiency that's just a straight Dax so your proficiency adds another three so that's 12 that's it's not the best pit trap you ever constructed, but you know.
David (Wellby): it's still an obstacle, even if it's instantly discerned it's still a giant hole in the ground.
Mike (Delwath): giant all correct.
Timothy Sackton: And skeletons aren't renowned for their passive perception so.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it probably would do some good.
Timothy Sackton: So in the morning as you're sleeping as when you when you awake central reports on our conversation and says.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he sent the message.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: convinced.
Timothy Sackton: we'll see what happens, but uh God is definitely coming, and she said she will be here tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: By dusk.
Timothy Sackton: Not today.
Mike (Delwath): Okay.
Mike (Delwath): So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little bit.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, like me to ask recruiting.
Timothy Sackton: This evening after lunch.
Mike (Delwath): I think mid afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey in the morning i'm TIM when like the when it actually because you know, we have two opportunities to go into a wellspring to be like God, I like going to the wellspring just to see what the holidays and go in and out like go in and then come back out.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Just don't accidentally come out.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: But.
Timothy Sackton: You can, if you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean if we're all going to go it's not a bad idea, and you know it's like i'm kind of the most initiate.
Mike (Delwath): it's not a bad idea to send kenza to test the water, so to speak.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do that, why not.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Mike (Delwath): Like I didn't I wasn't ready for this.
Timothy Sackton: No, I was ready for this i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: steps ahead whiners and you all watch him vanish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I come back do I step back out.
Timothy Sackton: i'm typing you a message.
David (Wellby): Well, well, we will turn to the rest of you could say.
David (Wellby): Well, he was pretty good guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got a lot of surrendering to the fucking done Mari gods of way, by the way, if I could give my life like just you know this is like total just you know.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: This is cancels role that's like.
David (Wellby): yeah you have done this.
John Leeker: cause a gas watching this what's going on.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Timisoara there an obvious way back out from what I see.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I just kind of take a take a quick scan around and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, you know i'll spend a moment just a moment in kind of you know, grateful meditation in you know just full on acknowledging where I am gifts, you can some shout outs, to the whole thing yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I step back through the portal.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Is it kind of back.
Timothy Sackton: He emerges again a few minutes later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a tie, and I stepped out I said how much time has passed.
David (Wellby): A million.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is exactly the same welby.
David (Wellby): Age very well.
Timothy Sackton: So around mid afternoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long.
Timothy Sackton: A few minutes like.
Mike (Delwath): A few minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect yeah I don't have time time time time, at least for me at least operated sin there than here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah mid afternoon sentra sits down for a moment and meditates briefly and asks cocoon.
Timothy Sackton: Is G my with traveling with a God.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: A moment later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Up 10 this is this by the thing I when I stepped through I tell she couldn't the plan like what in the realm and just like she could.
Timothy Sackton: Just what we're trying to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You pay for your house or.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so so um.
Timothy Sackton: that the message the message that.
Timothy Sackton: That emerges that comes back from Chicago one is that July is trapped with a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: emphasizing the with a God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the nature of the trap.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't get to ask any more questions.
Timothy Sackton: But at least it's clear that July is with God.
John Leeker: So we just hope a gotta will be arriving.
Timothy Sackton: The day passes slowly.
Timothy Sackton: dusk falling.
Timothy Sackton: The illusion closing again, and you are getting a good night's rest, are you planning on going into the wellspring in the morning and staying or are you going to try and sneak in just before it got to arise.
Mike (Delwath): I think we should go in in the morning.
I agree.
Mike (Delwath): i'm kensal.
Mike (Delwath): Could you perceive anything outside the wellspring.
Mike (Delwath): When you were inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A gym.
You.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you could see.
Timothy Sackton: The reflection of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the trees in the pool of water.
John Leeker: Could one of us stay outside the.
Timothy Sackton: Growth that's around the outside right that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so so I had as I could from inside from the from inside the wellspring I could have a I had some sense of what was happening outside the walls.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you could see the reflection of the grove of trees that surrounds the pool of water you couldn't see the ground.
Timothy Sackton: But if somebody walked up to the wellspring you'd see their reflection in the water.
John Leeker: Yes, somebody was outside could well be communicate with them telepathically.
John Leeker: Nobody was inside the.
John Leeker: wellspring is there.
Timothy Sackton: Does not cross planner boundaries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aren't.
John Leeker: there's no way to if somebody was outside watching so there's no way to communicate and.
Timothy Sackton: Then dang has a 5% chance of failure if you go extra planner but otherwise there's very little magic that crosses plane or planar boundaries.
Timothy Sackton: bending as a 95% chance of work.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: you've done in your planner travel.
Mike (Delwath): But.
Mike (Delwath): I mean, I guess, all we can do is.
Mike (Delwath): Obviously, if we see our github bending over to.
Mike (Delwath): Put July in we can.
Mike (Delwath): But it's gonna be hard for us to do anything very hard for us to make any moves, except that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look actually here's here's a question so when I step through the portal, could I like seat, and I just step, all the way through it to get to the other side, or can you kind of like see the other side from inside the portal.
Timothy Sackton: like this Oh, when you step through the portal you initially step into water and you way down until you are basically your head is below water and then you just fall through and like emerged from the other pool of water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay okay all right okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so.
David (Wellby): You couldn't make like a range weapon attack, because it would just hit.
Timothy Sackton: Just hit water yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that also if we were able to successfully get a godsend to the pool we've won already.
John Leeker: mm hmm.
Mike (Delwath): yeah but my assumption is that won't work but we're hoping she'll put to my in the pool and then, what do we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think, at that point, then, I mean there's two options right either we will really only one option we go through the pool once safe which we crossover.
Mike (Delwath): I guess the bigger question is, what if she doesn't put you in the pool.
John Leeker: um How would we know what's the holdup or right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: She did, for example, takes into hostage.
David (Wellby): I think we play it by ear.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah that's all we can do.
Mike (Delwath): Should somebody stand side, though, in case.
Mike (Delwath): I don't know I guess Center can communicate, as well as any of us.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Perhaps two cod could melt with the stone once again.
John Leeker: Actually, good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
John Leeker: I could mobile to stone and then cast talk to stone and how long just talked to the stone last or was it called.
John Leeker: sounds of the earth, I can I have 10 minutes, where I can be in the in the stone obscured and the stone can presumably relay what it's saying to me but it's only for 10 minutes.
Mike (Delwath): And I we might want our spouse to fight against it with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do, but also, is there a way that I, is there a way to communicate when inside the wellspring Sintra, is there any way to do that.
John Leeker: Not that i'm a, why do we have to be in the wellspring.
John Leeker: doesn't make us stronger, more powerful.
John Leeker: it's just.
Mike (Delwath): it's just a really.
Mike (Delwath): really good hiding spot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah best place to be protected, we don't know Augustus tricks we don't know August his ability to sense things if she knows if she knows that there's any type of chicanery.
Mike (Delwath): She won't I think we just don't we'll be right, I think we.
Mike (Delwath): If she detects that there's four other creatures or five other creatures here.
Mike (Delwath): she's gonna know there's a trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right.
Mike (Delwath): Since you're supposed to be a while.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: We have to go in and done because of security.
So good boy.
John Leeker: I think we just go into dawn and play it by ear.
Mike (Delwath): is nothing more to do we've planned enough.
Timothy Sackton: let's centers for one question before you.
Timothy Sackton: Before you go and she says, if everything goes according to plan, when you emerge it's going to be chaos of battle, I can make two of you invisible in such a way that you will stay invisible, no matter what you do.
Timothy Sackton: Or, I can make two of you super fast.
Timothy Sackton: which would you prefer.
Mike (Delwath): What is your friend fight sorry what is super fast.
Mike (Delwath): paced says a plus one extra attack.
Timothy Sackton: You get an extra attack plus to AC and.
Mike (Delwath): I think haste.
David (Wellby): Based on deal with and kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah What about I will be your fucking range weapon attack is like nasty has fug.
David (Wellby): A look back the rules, though, if I get a second sneak.
Timothy Sackton: attack you don't get a second sneak attack.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah hey Stan kenzo and.
Mike (Delwath): And does that mean you can take to attack actions, even if you are you just get an extra attack, if you take the attack action.
Timothy Sackton: know you have an extra action that you can use to attack dash disengaged hide or.
Timothy Sackton: An object, but if you attack with your pasted action you don't get multiple you don't get extra attack you just get one attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, oh wait.
Mike (Delwath): Wait say that again.
Timothy Sackton: and effectively gives you one extra attack not a full attack action with two attacks so you'd make three attacks instead.
Mike (Delwath): I could, I could I can trap and attack and therefore get one attack with a can trip and one attack yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could cast a spell on that attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And since it.
Mike (Delwath): doesn't have any spell slots i'm gonna be i'm gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: Playing and armored.
Mike (Delwath): In Armor to.
How.
John Leeker: So i'm to how like what is the speed increase like the distance, you can travel as well, like per turn oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's doubled.
John Leeker: So, from what to what.
Timothy Sackton: Well, whatever it was to twice, whatever it was everybody has different speeds.
David (Wellby): pencil is gonna move absurdly fast.
John Leeker: Because I can help with us, I have a charge and my staff that adds 10 feet per move, so if we want to make somebody very, very.
Timothy Sackton: Bad cancer could move like 100 feet of turn.
Mike (Delwath): But I don't think massive battlefield movement is going to be our key.
Mike (Delwath): here.
John Leeker: Oh somebody else cuz.
John Leeker: we're all starting in one space, so I assume, we need to.
John Leeker: yeah strategically disperse up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah pretty yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think some monkey is going to like I may have that it may be wise for me to go and take him out by myself if i'm powered this way.
Mike (Delwath): let's see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A better question I just final question for in preparation is there anything we can do to prevent ourselves from being charmed, this is the biggest thing I think I got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To try to do is to pit us against each other, somehow trick us with illusion, etc, is there ways to is there and i'm asking this agenda to is there a way for us to protect ourselves.
John Leeker: what's the charm.
Timothy Sackton: charm well on your wisdom save.
John Leeker: I can enhance ability.
Timothy Sackton: To have an effect saves.
yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: um I inspiration does.
Timothy Sackton: inspiration does.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I can give that to as many as.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: four people.
Timothy Sackton: could give it to four people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be extremely fucking useful.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And then, if someone does get charmed I can use to spell magic term of it from one person.
Mike (Delwath): yep yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thanks.
John Leeker: Who has weaker wisdom.
Mike (Delwath): um.
Mike (Delwath): I would not dealt with is a advantage against charmed be as a really good wisdom safe.
Timothy Sackton: and see if you fail, a wisdom save you can destroy your hellman automatically succeed.
Mike (Delwath): also true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so give it to the rest of the four of us.
Mike (Delwath): that's only like in duress because that's a cool hell, but.
Timothy Sackton: If there was ever a moment to use it being.
Timothy Sackton: charged well, that would.
Timothy Sackton: probably be the moment yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So we're gonna fight I gotta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David (Wellby): we're gonna defeat a gut.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: they're gonna run away okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, though, what we're going to try to convince her to get in to bring to go.
Timothy Sackton: Center is.
Mike (Delwath): didn't raise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah central's gonna try this you can't you know at a minimum just to get Jimmy in there.
Mike (Delwath): Correct.
Timothy Sackton: So you step into the portal at dawn.
Timothy Sackton: As you cross through the border.
Timothy Sackton: You emerge in this.
Timothy Sackton: Massive grassland like the grass is like seven feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: It just extends as far as the eye can see like well overwhelming said, well, we can barely see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Really, the only one who can see much of the horizon is drew cod as the grass, as you can sort of just pure above the edge of it it's just these rolling waves of grass that extend.
Timothy Sackton: Like unmarked arising in any direction you can imagine, without any landmarks if somebody was just walking here, they would just there's no way to tell what way you're going you would just walk forever and circles until you die of thirst.
Timothy Sackton: And the only landmark you can see, is the pool behind you, where the reflections of the trees stay for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then, as time passes.
Timothy Sackton: The light unchanging in this realm the mists occasionally blowing across the sun and clouds moving across the light fades from bright to dim from bright the dreams seemingly random.
Timothy Sackton: The reflection of the trees fades as well, and the pool begins to dry up.
Timothy Sackton: Closing Turning to a bear patch of dirt.
Timothy Sackton: And you wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM wasn't there a massive forced.
Timothy Sackton: When you step through there was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I stepped through now is there still a lot of forest.
Timothy Sackton: nope there's a great expanse of grassland.
weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it is now, then when then when I stepped through the first time.
Timothy Sackton: it's the same portal, it looks totally different.
John Leeker: wi fi Fuck up because now that the water is gone we're stuck here, so if she shows up early.
John Leeker: We came and get out right.
Mike (Delwath): But correct but.
David (Wellby): The instruction is you gotta.
John Leeker: Send up.
David (Wellby): You got to go in.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike (Delwath): I think it's fine.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: In Brazil.
David (Wellby): Can you give me a boost, I I really can't see anything.
John Leeker: I put her on my hand and then sorry but well i'll be on my hand and hold them up.
John Leeker: You see, like plow feet in the air.
David (Wellby): places super.
David (Wellby): amazing and boring, at the same time.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: The light at some point we had a long rest I gotta do that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah the light fades and gets brighter and fades and gets brighter and with this unchanging horizon and just a flat grasslands you sort of lose track of time until you see.
Timothy Sackton: Where this bear patch of dirt has remained behind you wider begins to spring up the same all that did in the sand.
Mike (Delwath): As soon as the water starts to spring up i'm casting Armor bag.
Okay.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: How long does inspiration last because Maybe I should just do that right away to.
Timothy Sackton: that's 10 minutes, so you should wait till right before you go through as best you can but it's pretty fast to give inspiration to people yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just the whole day i'm like fucking chicken chicken chicken we're best friends here here's the plan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And we brought the heart in right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, well central puts the heart in every.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Every morning.
Timothy Sackton: Every every morning and takes it Friday night at night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent I spent the entire time just fucking competing with the heart and and just like you know ultra vibe and out with the whole whole situation you know.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm studying the folds of the heart and in order to.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: explore higher dimensional geometry.
David (Wellby): i'm still with so you've been to three different planes of existence, so far, can you rank them for us.
Mike (Delwath): wow.
Mike (Delwath): i'd say.
Mike (Delwath): This one doesn't have a lot to recommend it.
Mike (Delwath): But it's still better than the other one I was in.
Mike (Delwath): that's really the actual plane of town cars, where i'd recommend you spend your time, based on my experience.
David (Wellby): This is a really easy place to map you just write grass everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I told you, there was a forest when I walked through here, the first time.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I don't think you mentioned that action.
David (Wellby): Everywhere, but sometimes forest.
Mike (Delwath): Maybe it's not as easy to map as you think.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That is odd Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas communicating this wild like you know sit like the like the heart when when that when when the heart crossover appear is just talked on the ground or did it we like walk over.
Timothy Sackton: No went so central central place the heart in, and when you step through it was it's kind of floating about three feet above the pool is not it's not.
Timothy Sackton: A red ochre anymore, it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks almost like a pool of like sort of multicolored miss that's just kind of drifting and it's actually beating like a heart like it's pulsing.
Timothy Sackton: Well, and there's like swirls of different colors and occasionally you'll see a glimpse in the Center of it and there's.
Timothy Sackton: stars and a dark sky in the middle or occasionally the you'll see a glimpse in the middle of it and there's a just like a brief.
Timothy Sackton: image of like a deep ocean like a cool blue image just occasional flashes of.
Timothy Sackton: vast expanses basically when you when you when the mists open every now and then, but it's it looks like it's beating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At Kansas spends the entire time that we're here, just like in deep meditation with the hearts of the whole fucking time through there for like hours right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the wider than begins to creep back into the dirt.
Timothy Sackton: The pool starts to fail the heart solidifies and turns back into stone but stays remaining there floating three feet above and then.
Timothy Sackton: About 15 minutes after the pool has spread to its fullest extent you see stepping through.
Timothy Sackton: floating up from the Internet from the top of the it to the top of the pool a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a.
Timothy Sackton: girl a little girl a toddler.
Timothy Sackton: But her body, except for her face is made of wood, it looks like she's a puppet except her face just her face not her whole head just her face is a human face.
Timothy Sackton: And she steps through she looks up at you.
Timothy Sackton: And she says now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay let's go.
Mike (Delwath): let's go.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I inspire everybody.
Mike (Delwath): i'm casting blank.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I can fight whatever's on it.
So.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I draw in the air glowing crowns around each person's head.
Timothy Sackton: So so tell me where you guys are.
Mike (Delwath): I can't see.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: This is gonna go really well you guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I.
Mike (Delwath): select my character.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I.
Mike (Delwath): know.
John Leeker: I can move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can move mind, we can all move ours.
Mike (Delwath): I can me put.
Timothy Sackton: Let me put it out again and see.
Mike (Delwath): Oh wait hold on.
Mike (Delwath): haha I think it was clicking on the wrong person.
Mike (Delwath): There we go yeah I could move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so I oh and we've been casted.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not yet roll initiative.
Mike (Delwath): that's a big scary thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the big scary thing.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh that's a friendly.
Mike (Delwath): that's a friendly.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: spin optimistic to stay positive you know.
Mike (Delwath): 1412 919 go seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seekers 19.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, everybody.
Timothy Sackton: wow i'll be is six.
Mike (Delwath): These are all of our bad roles guys were getting in a diverse system.
Timothy Sackton: It has those nine.
With what were you doing wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And record what were you.
14.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and I got a role for sentra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please be high.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You go first.
Timothy Sackton: 19.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Nice this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: girl hasty.
Timothy Sackton: And I got a role for.
Timothy Sackton: The bad guy so they will terribly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker you and sentra first.
Timothy Sackton: Let me, actually, let me do the initiative order here because it's Well, I can do it on the other one that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: So you emerged you all emerge I guess sentra can go first or she can haste you.
Timothy Sackton: And then okay so down with and kenzo now are both pasted as she sent her turns around says you emerging and runs 123456 runs to hear actually she doesn't want to be 123456 she wants to there she holds her hand out and she says a blessing to shut Kuhn and says.
Timothy Sackton: Get entry y'all scatter.
Timothy Sackton: To all of you.
Timothy Sackton: And now, so kenzo and down with your.
Timothy Sackton: AC plus to your move has doubled and you get the extra attack.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, is there any way to do that let's see.
Timothy Sackton: And now, its secrets to.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: scatter hmm.
Timothy Sackton: No man and record them.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: and
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: quickly scan the surroundings, so that I can see who these two creatures are the one on the right.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: This is a gotcha.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: This is now looking at it, it looks like some marquee just large and now with horns and slightly bluer skin but it's the same face and the same kind of body form just much bigger.
John Leeker: And bigger.
Timothy Sackton: Like twice as big.
John Leeker: How far they apart.
Timothy Sackton: They are about 63 or 65 feet apart.
Mike (Delwath): who's going after who.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Well let's I don't think we can.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: In game.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: coordinate in that way.
Timothy Sackton: Well, so like.
Timothy Sackton: We can remember the usual combat policy you get you know, two or three minutes real time to make a plan before.
Timothy Sackton: We find everything in character, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think.
Timothy Sackton: TAO with kenzo well be in that order.
David (Wellby): I think it gotta is the bigger threat between the two of them, and the bigger like flight risk, so I I tend to think we should all hit her with everything we can.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: as well.
John Leeker: So we scatter forward.
Mike (Delwath): We.
John Leeker: were told.
Mike (Delwath): We don't all want to be in the same area of effect presume.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: She must have some one of them must have some range some area effect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look yeah I think if we're going to scatter to like I think kenzo will either I think end zone dealt with should engage one or the other, like what tenders contenders gotta do melee fighting and combat so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some monkey.
John Leeker: If I can go towards the monkey as well, I can cast the lightning and actually hit both of them and.
Mike (Delwath): That was after I get that I get to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's good.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: that's it i'm going to do to.
You to.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Anybody or is either them wearing anything visibly metallic.
Timothy Sackton: Either them is wearing Armor this guy's summer he's got the big spike club, but it's you know, mostly a wooden club.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta doesn't seem to be Oh well, I gotta um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see what she's carrying here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, mostly what you can see, is the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the sort of dusty white robes um she's not carrying like a staffer any weapons, the one thing that she does have.
Timothy Sackton: that she is holding is like a sector that's about a foot long like constructed, it looks like it's made mostly are entirely of silver with like five loops at the top that form like a like a twisty ball at the head and it's set with diamonds that seem to catch the light.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: or light it up.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: silver would count as hit middle.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That might change my plan what's the range of that 60.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: minute ensure that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes, i'm.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Actually, no i'm gonna cast.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: erupting earth, so I.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: with both hands.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Because scooping gesture upwards and launch it in the direction of a gotta.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Sit, this is a 20 foot cube area.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Creating a fountain of turned.
Timothy Sackton: earth and stone erupting that makes that difficult terrain right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes, around in that area, so it's centered on I got does currently current location.
Timothy Sackton: And it's 20 feet.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: 20 foot cube okay so.
Timothy Sackton: we'll do.
Timothy Sackton: that's four squares.
Timothy Sackton: centered here so.
Timothy Sackton: did that in two pieces but that's all.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: erupting or difficult terrain now.
Timothy Sackton: Perfect um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so interrupts around her and she is going to have to make a dexterity saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: which she succeeds on so she takes half the image so that's 10 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And she sort of laughs as this a wraps around her and she looks at you, as you all emerging and she just starts kind of cackling and looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: fools.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends your turn seeker.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I think so.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, my God um.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah that would be reasonable oops.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm just going to move like back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean the one good thing is, we can always if we're really Fuck we can just escaped back into the last spring.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, like any of us starts getting fucked up just go back and the other dimension we go the one place that she can't go.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That is true.
Mike (Delwath): it's true.
Timothy Sackton: God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: entrenched so.
John Leeker: How far can I move.
Timothy Sackton: You can move six squares unless you use an action to dash, in which case you can move an extra six squares.
John Leeker: But then I can't cast a spell or anything it.
Mike (Delwath): was cast a spell.
John Leeker: yeah so I want to be able to get behind.
John Leeker: The errand boy, and then a whitening spell to hit the both.
Mike (Delwath): That six squares right.
Mike (Delwath): 1234 560.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can't quite get there 1234 you can get the you can get to.
Timothy Sackton: You can get to hear.
John Leeker: Oh, that would count, though, because the spells five feet wide so i'd still be clipped out getting them both right.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think you would I mean if any part of.
Timothy Sackton: Here, if any part of the creature is in the area of a fact it.
Timothy Sackton: I need templates for all these possible spells.
But yes, I think.
Mike (Delwath): The spell doesn't doesn't originate from south or from a range.
Timothy Sackton: It originates from him.
Mike (Delwath): I mean technically you'd have to have a line that goes through.
Timothy Sackton: know that that from there from this square you wouldn't be able to get both of them.
John Leeker: I would not.
Timothy Sackton: From this from this square you would, I think you're just out of range.
David (Wellby): You should have given yourself more move before popping.
Mike (Delwath): weren't you going to use your staff yourself.
Timothy Sackton: You can do that if you want to wreck on that that's fine.
John Leeker: I will read con the long strider staff spell.
John Leeker: boom.
i'll take that.
Mike (Delwath): Now it's only one person.
John Leeker: And then, so, then I can move, how do you do the arrow thing we're gonna move.
Mike (Delwath): click on the little ruler.
John Leeker: Where it says.
Mike (Delwath): it's a ruler in a circle it doesn't really look like a ruler.
Mike (Delwath): Oh it's a circle, with a little.
Mike (Delwath): Things sticking out.
John Leeker: got it.
Mike (Delwath): But then you can move, you have plenty of you can get you can get you right here.
John Leeker: yeah so i'll get.
Mike (Delwath): 12345678.
Mike (Delwath): You get right here, with eight.
John Leeker: yeah so i'll get right there.
Timothy Sackton: That would make it easy.
John Leeker: And then I just select my person.
Mike (Delwath): yep and then boom.
John Leeker: And then lock and load.
John Leeker: lightning bolt.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: The summer key fails a goddess succeeds, again, as she again dodges out of the way kind of looking at you skeptically.
Timothy Sackton: still takes half damage.
Timothy Sackton: But summer key takes full damage, which is what 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: So that brings us to do with.
Mike (Delwath): All right.
Mike (Delwath): doubtless well move 1-234-567-8910 1112.
Mike (Delwath): As a black burst of speed runs up next to agatha.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: is difficult terrain their benefits.
Mike (Delwath): yeah I counted.
Mike (Delwath): The double moose I have 12 move because i'm haste it.
Mike (Delwath): dealt with will then his with his sword out.
Mike (Delwath): pointed i'll get to and say foul creature fe I curse you to go back to where you came and I will use my bonus action.
Mike (Delwath): To where is it.
Mike (Delwath): To hacks blades car saga.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, then I will use my regular action to attack with booming blade.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's all feel like strong moves oh this looks good.
Timothy Sackton: messes.
Mike (Delwath): Let it roll twice.
David (Wellby): The first rule fell off the table, so it doesn't.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike (Delwath): i'll use my second action to attack regularly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, keep my 20.
Timothy Sackton: You can keep your 20.
Mike (Delwath): But that only does regular.
Timothy Sackton: Plus explains curse.
Mike (Delwath): plus three that doesn't do a ton of damage.
Timothy Sackton: 11 damage it all counts, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Now it has her turn.
Mike (Delwath): Oh wait wait wait wait wait.
Mike (Delwath): hold on.
Timothy Sackton: you're not done.
Mike (Delwath): hold on oh it's yours Miller says let's see what happens here.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you might blink away.
Timothy Sackton: I did not you don't blink away, no.
Timothy Sackton: hate the dmv beyond.
Timothy Sackton: I remember the initiative border so doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: nope sorry I just need to get her stats up cuz didn't do beyond crashed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Here i'm going to do the initiative order here because.
Timothy Sackton: The end beyond is really terrible with some of these things, but I think I remember all your roles so.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, Dr West was after God.
Timothy Sackton: God is after you.
Timothy Sackton: wow be is.
Timothy Sackton: don't know why i've got to Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: During Sintra then seeker.
Timothy Sackton: In some cases.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we did nope nope nope none of that work.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well i'll be was sex.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we did Center we did seeker we did we did that with now it's got a goddess turn and she will look around it, you.
Timothy Sackton: slightly annoyed now.
Timothy Sackton: I what's happening.
Timothy Sackton: And she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: let's see who we got a 20 foot by.
Timothy Sackton: 20 foot sphere set radius.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Definitely diameter.
Timothy Sackton: nope 20 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 40 feet across.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: All it's good to shoot a scattered a little more.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so right on.
Timothy Sackton: tall spring.
Timothy Sackton: All centered.
Timothy Sackton: In the middle of the wellspring she.
Timothy Sackton: She like holds up her hand and you see like emerging out from her sleeve like this, a couple locusts, and she whispers at them and this giant stream of locusts warms out and just fills in entire massive sphere i'm.
Brutal.
Timothy Sackton: I need well be kenzo and seeker to make.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving throws.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: know and remember that your inspiration gives you.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: One date, if you need it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need it.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Constitutions, that is it.
Mike (Delwath): yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you might not.
Mike (Delwath): well.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna say you might not wasted on a five because you're.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not going to succeed, no matter what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, do I waste it or do you like.
Timothy Sackton: You use it it's gone.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Over that's always has been yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh okay.
Timothy Sackton: So well be from the biting insects you take 10 points of piercing damage.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: can tell us.
Timothy Sackton: Deeper you take 21 points of piercing damage as these locusts just swarm around you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh biting you.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: This is going really great you guys.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: 21 okay.
Mike (Delwath): super good.
Timothy Sackton: Let me get a area of effect for this thing.
Timothy Sackton: A 40 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: will use the.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go poison cloud.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was going to switch much time planning this out because it's executed perfectly.
1234567 that's seven So it goes.
Mike (Delwath): I don't think it actually got all of them.
Mike (Delwath): yeah you there's no way we can get all of them, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're right no that's only 35 feet that's only seven square needs to be one square beggar.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: out yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's only 35 you.
David (Wellby): Know that's.
David (Wellby): 40 cross, oh no nevermind.
Mike (Delwath): Now it wasn't.
It was once corrected.
Timothy Sackton: This area is not difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: And lightly obscured.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: should have run away even further.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you can hide in it in the biting insects, but they're still flying around biting so you might not want to stay inside the area.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: kenzo ha man.
Timothy Sackton: Okay kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that's how you gotta wear that are some Monday.
David (Wellby): Right.
John Leeker: I thought we agreed for attack the lucky guy the air yeah don't we.
Mike (Delwath): record all by himself against a monkey guy.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: His name is Mr some marky marky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so should I go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tax, a monkey.
Mike (Delwath): So MARQuIS I mean classic way to fail at the end is divide your fire and everybody attack their own enemy and then you all die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True, what.
John Leeker: If I did attack him on the premise that you are going to apply the.
Mike (Delwath): classic way to have one of your party members die is to leave them all by themselves attacking a giant enemy.
Timothy Sackton: choices.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a monkey first right.
Mike (Delwath): yeah go after the monkey think everybody else focus on a garden right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I come over here because i've got like.
Timothy Sackton: super crazy yeah you have crazy movement, you can go anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, if you're worried about dying, you can also.
Timothy Sackton: Instead of doing flurry of blows you can either dodge which means everybody has disadvantage on attacking you or you can disengage and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much better.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do the most, and I think I can do, I can I can I can do this, a planner power like three times now, but I could do the special thing right so site them and.
Timothy Sackton: You can when you sell you can sell side as a bonus action and then they have disadvantage on the planner power.
Timothy Sackton: And planar power replaces one of your attacks, so you can do Sol site punch planar power and then punch again with your haste action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that I will do those three things.
Timothy Sackton: So remember when you saw site, you can now also do psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, if he fails that so and you also learn.
Timothy Sackton: let's see i'm going to message you i'll just tell everybody because he shouted out so his so he's he's you're doing snarky his car he's level seven his weakest ability is Dax his strongest ability is.
Timothy Sackton: strength and he is resistant to cold and fire and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm bludgeoning piercing and flashing damage from non magical attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, oh shit so my.
Timothy Sackton: fists are magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I pfister magical.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, great um okay yeah I shot all that out y'all got it and I will I will do my thing now what I do not, I do I do I do our.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so he makes the same so he doesn't take that he makes us with some States, so he doesn't take the psychic damage from Seoul site, but do your fifth to plan or power, he makes a strength to say with disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that good or bad.
Timothy Sackton: that's not bad.
Mike (Delwath): that's damage to the six that's not bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That it and now, and now I do regular just attack.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, if you want to you can also attempt to stone him when you hit him with a with a Punch not fist a plane so what's your what's your key save DC you're saving throw I think it's 14 is that right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, I thought.
Timothy Sackton: Just pull up your character sheet.
David (Wellby): Up to run to the bathroom or something.
David (Wellby): You can have monkey guy go before me, because i'm not gonna attack him anyways.
David (Wellby): Okay i'll be right back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'm studying an abstract Nelson.
Timothy Sackton: hi yeah, let me just figure out if you if you saved against the.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm just pulling up your characters.
Timothy Sackton: So your your save is 14 so he.
Timothy Sackton: He succeeds, so he takes half damage and you don't get to move with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so now I just do an unarmed strikes.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can just do an unarmed strikes so half damage that was still.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait I gotta keep track of their hit points here.
Timothy Sackton: So half damage is is for and then the lightning bolt was 21.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that heads, so you do five points of damage and then, if you want to spend a key you can attempt to either stun him or.
Timothy Sackton: use one of your new.
Timothy Sackton: disorienting strike or frightening strike, although he's immune to being frightened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm almost done i'd be good to Sunday my thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've been a constant.
Timothy Sackton: know he makes.
Timothy Sackton: He makes a constant constant, even if he fails.
Timothy Sackton: He failed, he will the 13.
Timothy Sackton: whoo so as you as you hit him your first your first strike with your fist of planner power doesn't quite hit right, but you just see this.
Timothy Sackton: You can see his aura floating around you if you reach towards him, you you strike just at at a place where you're also punching as or any lock thought he freezes for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While this is going on, you know I spent eight hours to meeting with the fucking in Chicago and on the other, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like like you know what i'm drawing power i'm trying to draw power from ships like from the well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, to me that's like you know so so just the well you know i'm trying, you know i'm not sure if the well flashes or if, like you know what I mean but it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's where i'm trying to draw my my planner powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well you just stunned, the main bad guy one of the main bad guys, which means he misses the next turn.
Timothy Sackton: And all attacks on him have advantage till the end of your next turn.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, then you still have your wasted attacks, so you can attack, once more, because fifth a plane or power comments is your normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I, for my extra Lou can I soul site a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: that's you can do that next turn okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, that's the case, then I will just regular, I can only my sister magical so I can just punch him again right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and you have advantage because he's now stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts I just stunned this dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can get all right, let me.
Timothy Sackton: advantage on all attacks against.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unarmed strikes again.
Timothy Sackton: For all.
Timothy Sackton: twice as you have advantage.
Mike (Delwath): Yes.
Timothy Sackton: hi yeah that hits another nine points of damage as he's just reeling from these blows and you um you know with that last blow as he's done you feel like your fifth being guided right to them as sort of weak point, and he just shakes back slightly.
Timothy Sackton: While be Europe.
David (Wellby): So have to move to get out of this thing tell me about like terrain, that I can hide behind like Is this a.
Timothy Sackton: tree that's these are trees these rocks would provide you probably with three quarters cover an easy to hide behind.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: trees wouldn't really provide cover but you're small enough, you could hide behind one.
David (Wellby): Can I get down here and hide and shoot from cover yep all right let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you gonna shoot and then hide or hide and then shoot.
David (Wellby): shoot for advantage.
Okay.
David (Wellby): So.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're pretty hidden right.
David (Wellby): So i'm shooting her and i'm using two charges on the flaming both string to do a second level burning strike.
David (Wellby): Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Roll with advantage.
First.
Timothy Sackton: Both of those mess.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you have inspiration.
David (Wellby): yeah i'll use it on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the 12.
David (Wellby): Oh, what is it again.
Timothy Sackton: da da da.
Timothy Sackton: You had.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And that makes does not add explosive power to destroy.
Timothy Sackton: That one extra eight.
points of thunder damage.
David (Wellby): Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Nice use of inspiration.
Mike (Delwath): Wait you get sneak attack them.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yep.
Mike (Delwath): I think.
Mike (Delwath): The word flaming boasting it'll roll your.
damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, well.
Timothy Sackton: It won't roll that extra.
David (Wellby): holdup is um.
David (Wellby): So, to the six of that is going to be fire damage Do I need to roll that separately your.
Mike (Delwath): break it all down.
Timothy Sackton: And i'll break it down for you, once you will.
Mike (Delwath): smell it didn't roll the fire damage.
David (Wellby): Oh yeah and then the fire damage is going to be so that's 17 and then.
David (Wellby): Fire damage is for.
Mike (Delwath): eric's damage.
David (Wellby): Oh, and eight, so that is.
Timothy Sackton: A extra thunder damage.
David (Wellby): yeah 29 altogether.
Mike (Delwath): that's pretty good attack.
David (Wellby): him yeah and then TIM she's got a role of what she's gonna roll a con save on each turn for a minute or take 2d six fire damage.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Data that wow it's pretty strong.
David (Wellby): huh.
Ah.
David (Wellby): From one of the some barn soldiers who died.
Timothy Sackton: From one of them yeah one of the.
David (Wellby): gunnery sergeant.
David (Wellby): me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Sam murky is stunned and stands reeling and doing nothing i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sentra will.
Timothy Sackton: Look around and just yell out anybody hurt.
raise my hand sadly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Both myself and secret to 21 damage so.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm like at about 30%.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are saying yes i'm also less than 50%.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he was up.
Timothy Sackton: she's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: put her within 30 feet of you.
Timothy Sackton: she's not going to step into they're.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite within 30 feet of you.
Timothy Sackton: Know 123456 that's about as far as she can get.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: You can't reach either of you actually with.
Timothy Sackton: healing she'll have to get closer, so instead she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: And everything she has his concentration.
Mike (Delwath): that's tough.
Timothy Sackton: She isn't dad going to turn to the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: And and whisper choose to croon.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: bring forth.
Timothy Sackton: Your.
Timothy Sackton: defenses.
Timothy Sackton: Nice and.
Timothy Sackton: She will then summon a floating.
Timothy Sackton: Do I have a good, no, no i'm not going to have a good good thing for this i'm a floating sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Which.
Timothy Sackton: I will just draw because they don't have a.
Timothy Sackton: wish, he will summon next to some murky.
Timothy Sackton: Here and it's glowing slightly with magical energy and, as she does that.
Timothy Sackton: She will strike.
Timothy Sackton: and sadly miss Oh, she has a she has advantage because it's because he's done.
Timothy Sackton: She will still mess.
Timothy Sackton: And then she will.
Timothy Sackton: cast.
Timothy Sackton: fireball.
Timothy Sackton: Also it.
Timothy Sackton: says MARQuIS which does, oh no well she heard, he was resistant to fire but she's gonna do it anyway.
Timothy Sackton: which hits and he takes six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that will enter turn seeker in Europe.
Timothy Sackton: Show getting healing range next turn.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Right okay um i'm going to try to do, maybe what I should have done before, and heat up that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Sector um.
Mike (Delwath): get out of the poison cloud first, though.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh yeah i'm just gonna check the rain john the spell I want to cast, which is 60.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: In range.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Even if I move like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So I have to like just sidestep the little.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: buggers.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: puts me outside it right.
Mike (Delwath): yep.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And then still in range for the spill maybe i'll just like step back a little.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: go over here.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: um yeah that's fine and I will cast keep metal on her silver sector.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay, I had unfortunately just too late, an amazing idea that was a little complex would have required some setup but Oh well.
Timothy Sackton: She fails our Constitution say so she drops the stuff there.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: and takes eight points of fire damage.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And now i'm kind of committed that's the problem with that one.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can always drop concentration and cast something else.
that's.
Timothy Sackton: Your deal Do you still have well, I guess, he gave out all your inspiration right.
I did.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: um.
Mike (Delwath): Because.
John Leeker: Oh i'm weak as errand boy looking right now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not particular nobody's looking particularly weak, but he has at least stunned at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
John Leeker: Not doing cuz I have healing touch, but I want to take advantage of the advantage.
John Leeker: Of what's done.
John Leeker: But I have healing touch so that's something for bills to be aware of.
John Leeker: So I.
John Leeker: will cast lightning again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: They both fell they're saving turns this time.
David (Wellby): I.
Timothy Sackton: Have a lightning just blast through in and I get this looking like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a bit nervous now not like she's worried that she's gonna lose or anything but, just like these are people she actually needs to fight.
Timothy Sackton: And I move with after I, yes, you can move.
John Leeker: So i'm gonna just.
John Leeker: Start back.
Mike (Delwath): Oh yeah cuz he's stud.
Timothy Sackton: He won't go back yes.
Mike (Delwath): yeah definitely do that.
John Leeker: else do we make sure i'm still roughly and.
John Leeker: yeah I can still give me some freedom.
Mike (Delwath): Alright, better roll on my booming blade this time.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike (Delwath): So she takes.
Mike (Delwath): nine plus three Let me turn on actually turn on plates curse but.
Mike (Delwath): Add three to that.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And what and then one and then she takes five or she moves correct okay.
Mike (Delwath): So 14 yeah that attack and then i'll use my haste to do a regular attack.
Timothy Sackton: That.
16.
Timothy Sackton: hate the end beyond keeps I should just memorize her Armor class.
Timothy Sackton: I believe that just misses, but let me just double check.
Timothy Sackton: That just misses alright.
Mike (Delwath): Then dealt with will vanish.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I was gone.
Timothy Sackton: Now it is her turn.
Timothy Sackton: She is looking kind of pissed at the moment, and she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Take the five damage and leap into the air flying up about 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: And then over.
Timothy Sackton: Over well, let me see she goes up 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: And then she will go over.
Timothy Sackton: Over to about there.
Timothy Sackton: She rips a bag, on her pouch and a bunch of wasps fly out and begin stitching up her wounds, as she begins Catholic.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: that's.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: And she will then turn.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: she's healing oh no.
Mike (Delwath): Her.
Timothy Sackton: Her eyes turn black.
Timothy Sackton: And she turns and looks at.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I mean, I mean I mean I mean even I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Has.
Timothy Sackton: Who has annoyed her most with the lightning bolts, and as far as she can tell it the moment is the most dangerous spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: At our eyes flash and you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
John Leeker: That I just OK, I see.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: fall.
Mike (Delwath): away Do you still have inspiration.
Mike (Delwath): Yes, yes, it does it.
Mike (Delwath): use it.
John Leeker: What does that mean.
Mike (Delwath): He just type slash roll one day.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Good work Mike I usually remember to remind people racing but I missed that one.
John Leeker: What do you type in.
Mike (Delwath): Back slash are slash role.
Mike (Delwath): Space one day.
Timothy Sackton: You resist the effect.
Timothy Sackton: And three temporary hit points.
John Leeker: inspiration oh.
Timothy Sackton: I see again turns like.
Timothy Sackton: annoyed at everybody and stays hovering in the air about now about say 25 feet up.
David (Wellby): Did she started her turn by making a concert against to the six fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: She did not, and thanks for reminding me.
David (Wellby): I think it's a third.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: her that she doesn't after the healing thing anyways right like healed herself with some loss.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, she succeeds on the console.
Mike (Delwath): Probably as a neat flying not I should have saved to spell slot for why I was worrying about that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay kenzo Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And something.
Timothy Sackton: else done till the end of your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay cool um I want to a soul site gotcha now that we're now or like at the end of all my I like try to Fuck up this guy punch.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your bonus action it depends on whether you want to use your bonus action to punch him a lot, or whether you want to sulfate you can't do both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worry, I want to spend a small site on on a got that this round for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's an Intel on her do that first.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your bonus action yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I will do that i'll tell tell tell me about a gotta and I will tell relate to the companions.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, first of all, she makes the wisdom safe she doesn't take any damage she is level nine she is.
Timothy Sackton: resistant to the same things that the.
Timothy Sackton: That the giant is resistant to accept instead of from except she's also resistant to.
Timothy Sackton: oops where she.
Timothy Sackton: lightning is on fire and blushing piercing and slashing from non magical attacks and charmed and frightened her weakest ability is.
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence and our strongest stability is.
Timothy Sackton: charisma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna continue fucking up this dude.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you get three attacks to from your normal and one from your haste.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's my quarter stuff not magic so it's all fists.
Timothy Sackton: Of quarter staff is not magic so you're better off with fests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right, then I will just well, so I can still definitive plan or power right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you have advantage on attacks against them so you're probably better off punching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: punching or else i'll see a bunch of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let me unarmed strikes him.
Timothy Sackton: But your advantage.
Mike (Delwath): Again again.
Mike (Delwath): Ah, there you go.
Timothy Sackton: that's better okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do this, three times basically yep alright so that's time to ruin it and it just so great that hit.
Mike (Delwath): yeah but roll again, you might get another crit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No okay again it's all right, and now, one more time number three.
Timothy Sackton: That was out roll with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: him twice and did 17 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep you looking like wounded at all.
Timothy Sackton: he's he's looking a little bit shaken up at this point.
Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be your up.
David (Wellby): i'm gonna take steady aim and shoot a gotta again.
David (Wellby): Again with two levels of.
David (Wellby): Burning string did you say she was resistant fire damage them.
yep.
David (Wellby): Did you figure that in in the last.
I did.
Mike (Delwath): Wait but she's not resistant resistant to call to rate.
Timothy Sackton: Call down fire.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
David (Wellby): awesome.
David (Wellby): So that.
David (Wellby): i'm just gonna do it here so that's.
46.
David (Wellby): plus three.
David (Wellby): For the regular sneak attack.
David (Wellby): And then, this is the fire damage.
Mike (Delwath): Okay, what about the actual weapon damage.
Mike (Delwath): sneak attack right.
David (Wellby): Now it's 26 plus three for the weapon and then three.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is now Sam ricky's turn finally.
Timothy Sackton: Getting a chance to do right.
David (Wellby): i'm gonna hide as my bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Steady aims your bonus action.
David (Wellby): True, I won't hide them.
Mike (Delwath): in Shanghai does it right you're.
Timothy Sackton: Right you can't act as a regular X.
Mike (Delwath): You can't hide you can only move as a second yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Sarah key is going to fly into the sky, can you can use a reaction to make an opportunity attack, if you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will.
obey and.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and roll the 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just roll it.
Timothy Sackton: Roll your attacks or I will attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm strike.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: What was a see that's.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, so he takes another six points of damage is the flies into the air, and now he is going to let's see.
David (Wellby): The Guardian get an opportunity to tackle so.
Timothy Sackton: Now the the spiritual weapons don't get opportunity attacks.
Timothy Sackton: He will fly let's see where can we.
Timothy Sackton: Where can he named us.
Timothy Sackton: And he has gone to prepare he's gonna hold out his hand and prepare his.
Timothy Sackton: His.
Timothy Sackton: kind I really need to have this up.
Timothy Sackton: He will hold up with handle get give this motion as he prepares to launch a.
Timothy Sackton: blast of cold.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a 60 foot Cone.
Timothy Sackton: So 60 foot.
Timothy Sackton: that's right.
Mike (Delwath): i'll get i'll get that.
Mike (Delwath): out maybe not if he if he winds it there you go.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike (Delwath): This is bad.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he can get more than the three of you.
Timothy Sackton: sentra seeker and kenzo all have to make Constitution saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: let's see how bad is this going to be for you it's not looking good.
Timothy Sackton: And that is 88 called damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: i'm seeker you take.
Timothy Sackton: 40.
Mike (Delwath): Points and again male speaker.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah i'm deep into negative there.
Timothy Sackton: For ninja and kenza you take 20 points of.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Damage also how much 48.
Mike (Delwath): For everybody's down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm dead.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm dead.
Timothy Sackton: And finger needs to make.
Timothy Sackton: A confession say if against.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The I have zero points.
Timothy Sackton: and paste vanishes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: What did I need to do something else.
Timothy Sackton: nope you both fall to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: started still up, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It started so well.
Timothy Sackton: And Sam marquees.
Timothy Sackton: turn it and centrist turn now, and she is going to so I can get rid of this guy she is going to run 123456.
Timothy Sackton: And she's going to shout a prayer at chicken and she is going to cast.
Timothy Sackton: cure wounds.
Timothy Sackton: At fourth level.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait haste is down.
Timothy Sackton: So she could use Okay, she still has one more slide okay she's gonna cast carolyn's at fourth level.
Timothy Sackton: healing.
Timothy Sackton: sorry she can only get one of you.
Timothy Sackton: yelling kenzo.
John Leeker: Wait.
If.
John Leeker: I could have I could cure kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Killing seeker 15 points.
So.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Does the nation put me into the next.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: To the positive one.
Timothy Sackton: Negative where you add.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The negative.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no it's just as long as you're not negative your total hip points like if you were below negative 40, then you would be dead dead.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was at negative 16 okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not dead dead you're you don't need to track them, so you now have 15 points.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Which.
Timothy Sackton: She healed you 15 points.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So i'm at negative one.
Timothy Sackton: Now now you're at 15.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Year 15.
Timothy Sackton: pseudo and the negatives don't matter, unless you.
Timothy Sackton: Go negative your total health.
John Leeker: and
Timothy Sackton: So you're up you're prone but you're awake you shake yourself to consciousness as these like little tendrils.
Timothy Sackton: of water crawl out of the of the wellspring and wrap themselves around you and revive you.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: OK, so my 16.
Timothy Sackton: yard 15.
Timothy Sackton: And it's your turn.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Is remind me about people being resistant resistant to fire damage is that anybody.
Mike (Delwath): Both fire damage they both take half damage from fire.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So now is not the moment to pull out the fire elemental.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I guess I don't know how powerful that thing is.
Timothy Sackton: It might not hurt, you can also animate something.
Timothy Sackton: there's some rocks around and trees.
Mike (Delwath): What about your giant grasping hand thing I guess it's there to fight up in the sky for that.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh yeah we are they both flying now.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, if you animate an object, it can fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or you can hear me.
John Leeker: I can heal you i'm next right yeah I can heal yeah.
you're not go.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I mean Kansas just flat on the ground right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: You know I can.
John Leeker: I can, I can heal kinzer next so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah 10 points and i'll die again the next time I get touched by anybody getting healed twice.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The giants looking the samurai is you know pretty beat up but God uh maybe not so much.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'm i'm like I just got killed by cold right.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Yes, i'm gonna crush that freakin fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting gotta pull up the stats for fire.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So it's as if you had cast Condor elemental so I I take out a tiny grid i'm like brush off the like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I wasn't shit all over my beard.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: clamber to my feet and pull out of a pouch this tiny red Jim.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And I like try to squeeze it with my hand and then just toss them in the ground and stop it with my foot.
David (Wellby): I like the idea that there's like a little folded up directions card.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, where do you want the file to go.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I just pointed it I get to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it i'll have it just go after your initiative it can't fly, but it can run up to just be beneath I got at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: But that's, all I can do until she gets to the ground because.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I can't fly.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: damn okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that answer your turn.
Timothy Sackton: yep now God Europe.
John Leeker: So jakarta's I have to touch after you assign them right.
John Leeker: yep Okay, so I ran the side, I will cast your wounds, but, at the second level amplifies it.
John Leeker: curative ability.
Mike (Delwath): 13 that's not bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that's kind of sad you did almost as much with a second level, as she did with a fourth level.
John Leeker: Chicago.
13.
Timothy Sackton: hit the weights now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That what how do I get out of being dead.
Timothy Sackton: you're out of being dead you've got 13.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Failure success that saves so I just.
Timothy Sackton: nope.
Timothy Sackton: cuz your turn to hit him up.
Mike (Delwath): click here.
Timothy Sackton: click here and hit 13.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whereas feel.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Next.
Year.
Mike (Delwath): Next year hit points on the left is a little heel.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: But it like disappears, so if you just click on this goal area.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: A little health thing should come up I think that's what I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah then there's temporary hit points going Oh, I guess, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 13.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you're up next.
Mike (Delwath): All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice back yes.
Mike (Delwath): Alright, so dealt with appears.
Timothy Sackton: can appear within I think 10.
Mike (Delwath): out here.
Mike (Delwath): I will appear right here.
Mike (Delwath): Neither of these people are on the grads though right.
Correct.
Mike (Delwath): All right.
Mike (Delwath): And oh haste is gone so what the hell.
Timothy Sackton: is just gone.
Mike (Delwath): i'll just blast a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: not bad.
Mike (Delwath): Wait can you create with a spell.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah Nice.
Mike (Delwath): Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty good.
Mike (Delwath): I do 13 damage.
Mike (Delwath): And then I get a second one yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mon more.
Timothy Sackton: That also have.
Mike (Delwath): One short of a crit.
Timothy Sackton: Dallas bring that wait don't you.
Mike (Delwath): quit on a 90 now it already has a 19,018.
Timothy Sackton: I have a whatsapp and this.
Mike (Delwath): Because I click tax plates cars it's doing magic.
Mike (Delwath): That was a 19,018 so for another 11 damage.
Timothy Sackton: she's she's looking like a little bit on certain now like not sure she wants to stick around i'm not realizing you could sit through an attacker with a sort before not realizing in the air, you could also get her.
Mike (Delwath): I will not blink away.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you don't disappear, though she will turn.
Timothy Sackton: To look at you.
know.
Timothy Sackton: And um Oh, he dropped this she dropped the sector.
Mike (Delwath): She dropped the sector yesterday oh wait is the sector nearby.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
pick it up.
Timothy Sackton: You can pick it up.
Mike (Delwath): i'm gonna pick it is that a bad idea I don't know i'm going to pick it up what the hell.
it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that that messes things up, I forgot to drop this up there.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: i'll use my move action to pick it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: break it.
Timothy Sackton: Well she's still gonna use.
Timothy Sackton: she's still gonna look at you.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike (Delwath): I would have ties i'm undamaged at 15 temporary hit points I want her to attack me.
Timothy Sackton: she's looking at you her eyes i'm still black and you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
Mike (Delwath): Is it, by any chance, against being charged.
Timothy Sackton: It is not against being charms.
Mike (Delwath): I don't like a seven.
Mike (Delwath): inspiration don't have inspiration, because I have really good wisdom.
Mike (Delwath): saves I rolled a freakin do.
Mike (Delwath): don't have advantage losses against being shocked I could break by helm to auto succeed, but then I don't have my helmet.
Mike (Delwath): It seems like it might be worth doing.
Timothy Sackton: Up to.
David (Wellby): This is your home do other things.
Mike (Delwath): plus one to wisdom says.
Mike (Delwath): I don't really want to fight out all right i'm succeeding.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you in our eyes turn black and you begin to feel this like blackness fade across your senses, as you begin to slip from consciousness your home shatters and you link awake looking at her defiant.
David (Wellby): As those really smart.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: shady now super pest.
Timothy Sackton: turns to you points or finger at you, and this wave of new chronic energy washes over you and you need to make a constitution saving throw.
Mike (Delwath): To spells and wouldn't turn.
Mike (Delwath): Anyway, moving on.
Timothy Sackton: She was not a spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, once a special effects.
Timothy Sackton: And plus tax break the rules of magic all the time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see 12 you fail to save and you take 33 points of new chronic damage as the moisture begins to suck out of your body oh.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That hurts.
Timothy Sackton: and shall lie.
Mike (Delwath): But too bad because of my temp hit points.
She will fly.
Timothy Sackton: To here.
Timothy Sackton: i'm still staying about 20 feet in the air.
Timothy Sackton: And that will enter turn now solely focused on down with, who has now done by far the most damage to our and also foil her main effect that she was really hoping she got to use on you.
Timothy Sackton: can say you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will now vista planner power right because this dude is floating in the air now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep right, so I will Oh, but it's better if I do the soul site thing and then I punch him what's the thing I do again.
Timothy Sackton: If you saw side him that he has disadvantage, but that uses your bonus action, so if you manage to pull them down you won't be able to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: upsell.
Timothy Sackton: So normally you could use your you won't be able, because you lost taste so you'll still be able to do one punch but you can't do a flurry of blows.
Timothy Sackton: So it's up to you whether you know strength is the strongest ability score so it might be worth forcing disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay weights forcing disadvantaged by using the.
Timothy Sackton: By using soul site for your bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll be that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a cutie that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No okay yeah i'll definitely do that event, so let me, let me sell side, let me said I saw side first and then I do the.
Timothy Sackton: First than 50 planner power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is also site first guide role that.
Timothy Sackton: He made it he made his wisdom say it, so he does not.
Timothy Sackton: He does not.
Timothy Sackton: Right let's see loops why doesn't that.
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage disadvantages key he brought the 19 in the seven.
Timothy Sackton: So he felt safe, so you can move them 20 feet, which could be to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm going to move into the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now, now I just a planner power home.
Timothy Sackton: So roll your damage, so he takes the damage and then you still have one one punch left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it, how was the damage.
Timothy Sackton: Just click the festival planner power.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you as your as your fists of planner power launches up.
Timothy Sackton: These like coming out of the ground of the desert are like little tendrils of water of the dark water from the wellspring that wrap around this guy's legs and just grab him and follow him down to the ground in front of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I punched in the face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now you punch him in the face okay punch in and punch him in the face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the business but i've admitted right.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have advantages not stand anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or i'm gonna send them, the first time.
Mike (Delwath): Use the key.
Timothy Sackton: Use the key for I.
Timothy Sackton: know it doesn't take your bonus action how's that for him, you can do it again, you can keep trying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta hit them.
Mike (Delwath): You gotta hit them first.
Mike (Delwath): This time.
Timothy Sackton: But now he's on.
Mike (Delwath): Well, be.
David (Wellby): I guess this back as to well being and so he stands and it takes careful aim if you're watching him you'd see him choose and discard a couple of different targets and finally make up his mind and.
David (Wellby): tack.
lobby.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
19 wow.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay she's she's now looking like pretty uncertain of herself.
David (Wellby): Oh call out to her, you should have looked behind you.
Timothy Sackton: She will turn.
yeah.
David (Wellby): Look shooting you the whole time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Sam murky is up.
Timothy Sackton: On the ground, he will just take his massive club.
Timothy Sackton: And swing it at kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Making two attacks.
Timothy Sackton: First, one misses.
Timothy Sackton: Second, one misses.
Timothy Sackton: As kevlar dodges out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end his turn so centers up.
Timothy Sackton: that's let's see she will then.
Timothy Sackton: can't win that.
Timothy Sackton: She has gone to.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing let's see who's the who's the most wounded of everybody, probably kenzo or seeker right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 points or.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay i've got.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so she will she will run up to well I guess she doesn't need to run it Oh yes, she does need to run up to you.
Timothy Sackton: She will run to kenzo and she will touch you and you vanish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's cool.
David (Wellby): You.
Timothy Sackton: are now invisible.
Timothy Sackton: And it's greater visibility, so it does not go away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attack.
Timothy Sackton: You can attack it doesn't go away, you can do anything it won't go away the last for one minute.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that will enter turn.
Timothy Sackton: seeker Europe.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Now I can't do anything but control the elemental right.
Timothy Sackton: Does it take your action to control the elemental.
Mike (Delwath): summons don't take your action if it's like a standard summon it wouldn't.
Timothy Sackton: know it doesn't take your action.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's says.
Timothy Sackton: event no action is.
Timothy Sackton: required for you to issue it commands.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: It just says.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If your concentration is broken the elemental.
content.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: If your concentration is.
Timothy Sackton: Broken like, if you take damage and you fail, a concentration save it might turn on you.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh okay.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't require an action for it to it for you to command it to attack you can tell it to run over to the giant that's now on the ground and well on it.
Mike (Delwath): Oh, and you should grasping can you restrain this guy can you grasping earth it.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: So it.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Can I do that, while also maintaining concentration on yeah I know yeah so do erupting oh no sorry i'm earthen grasp.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it needs to make a strength savings around.
Mike (Delwath): I guess it has good strength because the only problem.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: range of that is 30 feet only so I have to get a little closer.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah so run down here.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yep and.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Cast earthen grass.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: With giant earthen hand appears next to the dude.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And so, while that's happening i'm also issuing a command to the fire elemental.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Now is that just not gonna be able to attack I gotta because she's too high up I don't have a clear sense of what.
Timothy Sackton: It can attack the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I got just you if it can attack the giant.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: All right, i'm gonna send it back to attack the giant so it's getting.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: crushed by a giant hand and also fire guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so did you mean to cast earth and grasp at third level.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Okay, so it does so, he fails at save so he takes 12 damage and he is restrained by the hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, so the.
Timothy Sackton: giant the fire elemental gets to attacks with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: So roll.
Timothy Sackton: Roll Wendy sex sorry Wendy 20 plus experts attack.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Wendy 20 plus six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: But roll with advantage to see if you crap.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And then roll twice again.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: For a second attack.
Timothy Sackton: Attack attack.
Timothy Sackton: That also hit, so you do ah 46 fire damage plus 646 plus sex is resistant fire damage will take half damage but still not bad.
Mike (Delwath): If the target to creature does that ignite I mean it says it ignites.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, damage.
Timothy Sackton: Now I think nights the giant is now burning.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: And being crushed by the giant.
Timothy Sackton: than being crushed by hand and is.
Timothy Sackton: Looking in pretty rough shape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The listing price but.
David (Wellby): I just realized this out of sequence, but I don't think you've got just done, the concept for fire.
David (Wellby): Again last couple of trainings.
Call.
Timothy Sackton: Okay nope she failed that con safe.
Timothy Sackton: So how much fire damage is it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry I forgot again.
Timothy Sackton: And she succeeded on the second one, so now she's not burning.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: No longer on fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's important.
Timothy Sackton: But she took another for damage yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God.
Mike (Delwath): you're up.
John Leeker: Oh hi is is the what's her name.
John Leeker: I got.
Timothy Sackton: she's about 30 feet up.
John Leeker: So.
John Leeker: If.
John Leeker: If God runs over and gets on the ground and shoots the lightning upward can he hit.
John Leeker: on how many.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have it used to have three third level spouse lots.
John Leeker: Yes, i'm abilities like.
John Leeker: Right, so if you're got ran over crouch down and would shoot the lightning up Kenny get both the errand boy on the ground, and I got there in the air, if he's going upward.
Timothy Sackton: know the angles way too steep on that, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's creature is large so yeah, I guess, maybe you could actually.
John Leeker: So I can like safely get really low.
John Leeker: to really get the angle, so I can.
Timothy Sackton: How what's the how long is a lightning bolt.
John Leeker: hundred feet.
and
Timothy Sackton: 65 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think you could do that.
John Leeker: So that my very large.
John Leeker: Dear God.
John Leeker: walks over as fast as he can, which is not very fast, because the guys are strange he crouches down and let's lose his last lightning spell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mine.
John Leeker: yeah oh my God.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's a good are all the deck safe.
Timothy Sackton: whoa the giant roll the four so as you crouch down with this giant on flame graph held so that he can't dodge he has.
Timothy Sackton: Just he's like just stuck in place and you go right next to him hold up your hand and there's burst of lightning erupts and this blue giant summer creature just collapses, as the lightning passes.
Timothy Sackton: Through him shocked.
John Leeker: And fall to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Taking 34 points of damage, putting them at negative 29.
David (Wellby): whoo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lightning hit it hit it got the to.
Timothy Sackton: The lightning actually I take that back.
Timothy Sackton: I got to see as you casting this.
Timothy Sackton: no cost to lightning boss before.
Timothy Sackton: I was just says no twists or hand and cast counter spell.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: and your spouse fizzles.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: That answer your turn down with your up.
Mike (Delwath): Okay.
Mike (Delwath): I gotta I gotta I gotta.
Mike (Delwath): know more of this.
Timothy Sackton: wow you're rolling really wow.
Mike (Delwath): tad.
Mike (Delwath): That method that that Mrs.
She is what.
Mike (Delwath): i'm gonna die now.
Timothy Sackton: I blazing yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you blinked away once.
Mike (Delwath): I know that's not a very good.
Mike (Delwath): i'm not sure blink is worth it.
Mike (Delwath): So anyway i'd be.
Timothy Sackton: Looking she is looking pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty on pretty upset and pretty hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Quite annoyed that the that she doesn't have the step there, but now just angry and you know, throwing caution to the wind she flies up.
Timothy Sackton: Another.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's see how far does she need to get up for this.
Timothy Sackton: it's a range of hundred and 20 feet oh actually.
Timothy Sackton: That would be more in character, for her.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: She flies up.
Timothy Sackton: About let's see she's gonna fly she just wants to get away from you all so she's gonna fly 12345 well first i'll stay where she has with her black eyes will turn and look at Dallas and force you to make another wisdom save.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You have way you don't have inspiration.
Mike (Delwath): A doubt he only had four to give out.
Timothy Sackton: Right and you kept one for yourself seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Or you gave one to drink okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah with you fall unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: Not not zero points just asleep.
Mike (Delwath): i'm immune to magical sleep.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: She would probably know that about ourselves i'm gonna say.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are frightened.
Timothy Sackton: Would you know that about magical elves i'm gonna roll for I think she would know that, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But in the heat of battle, a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: angry she's a overall for it.
Timothy Sackton: Now she knows that about magic about house, so instead of putting you to sleep she's going to make you panicked.
Timothy Sackton: So you are frightened of her.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: On each of your turns you must take the dash action and move.
Timothy Sackton: As far away from her as you can, as you can buy the safest and shortest route available and if she is, if you get 60 feet away and somewhere where she cannot where you cannot or somewhere where you cannot see her the effect ends.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then she's going to move here and she's going to point it at Dartmouth, and say sorry at at welby and say.
Timothy Sackton: I would like you from my collection and snap your fingers and you need to make a.
Timothy Sackton: wisdom saving throw.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: man.
Timothy Sackton: And you become a.
Timothy Sackton: You become a large centipede about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Small magic.
Timothy Sackton: you've got to spell the inches long.
Mike (Delwath): Oh secret just felt magic, you said you had it.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: not me.
Timothy Sackton: And then she will sort of yell out to everybody.
Timothy Sackton: there's still time to surrender and make a deal.
David (Wellby): i'll say.
David (Wellby): Perfectly same goes for you.
Timothy Sackton: know in.
Timothy Sackton: polymer if you don't keep any of your.
David (Wellby): Oh it's.
Timothy Sackton: Plenty of your ratio of trades.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: St.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: don't step on him.
Timothy Sackton: And then she will fly down.
Timothy Sackton: land on the ground next you partial cover from.
Timothy Sackton: Behind the rocks pick you up and put you in a jar.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: No oh God.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: He was a good guy.
David (Wellby): Many.
Mike (Delwath): Many apparently.
Timothy Sackton: The the.
Timothy Sackton: hack is as a bonus action yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm all right, I should still probably kill this guy right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's very, very wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That he's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like one hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically, yes, but.
Timothy Sackton: I know I gotta is on the ground at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, can I uh what i'd like to do is do like a quick attack and try to kill this guy just got high five points left and then tried to do a long range to tack on a call.
Timothy Sackton: Again okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how do I do that just.
Timothy Sackton: Just punch him.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, on arm strike.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: damage that is just what you needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: UK yes alright.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you punch him your fist sort of turns like there's like this sheath of water that that sort of flies out from the ground from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the wellspring and, as you hit him it sort of wraps around this guy's face and he just collapses on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excellence.
Timothy Sackton: Now, if you if you use a bonus action to dash.
Timothy Sackton: You can reach a doctor.
Timothy Sackton: what's your move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I find my move.
45.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Just only 60 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: If you use a bonus action to dash by spending a key you can run to a doctor, and you can just do a regular strike on her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about what about forces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I fucking special attack discipline of power.
Timothy Sackton: You you could do that too i'm.
David (Wellby): gonna keep her on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah can I stand her can I do the thing to send her.
Timothy Sackton: If you punch her if you hit her with a Punch you can try and Steiner yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to get up here and i'm gonna punch her and fucking.
Timothy Sackton: Guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was finicky so.
Mike (Delwath): I get further away.
Mike (Delwath): I mean, can you get one square north of her other than right there, I just want to leave space for the fire elemental which I think can reach her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay all right i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On her.
Timothy Sackton: Every day.
Timothy Sackton: You got to hit with your punch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know we.
Mike (Delwath): At 16 or 17 I forget which.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, everything is one Constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: The 17.
Timothy Sackton: But she does not look like she has that many hit points left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wide another round is the question.
Timothy Sackton: Well you've got a bunch of people who go before.
John Leeker: yeah.
Mike (Delwath): The file mental is gonna take her out.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a centipede.
Timothy Sackton: Okay centipede.
Timothy Sackton: await.
Timothy Sackton: Your invisible you get advantage that doesn't matter you already hit her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, oh that's right, I am invisible, I totally forgot about that fun.
Timothy Sackton: Again, because if you get a crit you might do enough damage to actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, why not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye, a role that he played in and see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay centipede welby.
Timothy Sackton: you've seen worms in a jar.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: You can click your mandibles.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Does she have to.
Timothy Sackton: Do the concentration oh yeah yes, she does actually on the palm or if I forgot about that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh ha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, because I felt like she she doesn't she if I fucking a damaged her doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah I forgot about that um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah she felt her concentration stays so well be.
Timothy Sackton: bursts out of the JAR.
Timothy Sackton: appearing.
Timothy Sackton: amazing a.
Timothy Sackton: pile of shattered glass next to a gotta and she turns surprised to see you and it's it's your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah sure did.
David (Wellby): Doing I need to hit her with magical weapon.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she is resistant not immune.
David (Wellby): huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saying is sure sure.
David (Wellby): um.
David (Wellby): Let me think about this.
David (Wellby): And I presumably cannot use a bow in melee.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have to step back five well you'd have disadvantage on the attack, which means you couldn't get sneak attack.
David (Wellby): Do I get a.
David (Wellby): sneak attack, if I have both advantage and disadvantage.
No.
Timothy Sackton: You can't have disadvantage to get a sneak attack.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you mean if you'd like took careful aim.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you get sneak attack you just went roll with advantage, because then you would have a straight role, and you have an ally engage with her.
David (Wellby): I mean it's too cool know try that, even if it fails.
Okay.
David (Wellby): um so.
David (Wellby): I think what we would like to do is aim the arrow and it's like.
David (Wellby): 12 inches from her after bursting back into myself out of nothingness and.
David (Wellby): Something cool to say before potentially killing someone.
David (Wellby): i'll ask her in sylvan.
David (Wellby): Where do they go when they die.
Timothy Sackton: Bad half.
David (Wellby): For 20 years.
Timothy Sackton: wow that's gonna kill her.
Yes.
Mike (Delwath): mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you she looks at you, and her eyes, which happened black this entire time and she's been attempting to like um.
Timothy Sackton: And I can and knock unconscious people turn like just White for a moment, as she realizes just before your arrow hits what's about to happen.
David (Wellby): it's the moment where the soundtrack goes away entirely and it's.
Timothy Sackton: Just exactly and she looks at you and she's about to say something when your arrow pierces through her form and she just her robes crumble and she just slumps to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: fading.
Timothy Sackton: her body beginning to disintegrate and just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: fall.
Timothy Sackton: drifting apart.
Timothy Sackton: And for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is silent.
Timothy Sackton: And that's where we'll end tonight.
John Leeker: Oh wow.
Mike (Delwath): whoa the idea we could beat agatha we only had a couple of almost deaths.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh, my God that was brutal.
David (Wellby): Close like many times.
just fine.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah there were no guarantees in that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was great.
Timothy Sackton: Early done on Samara key with crucial.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's Cone can you how many times did he do those Cone blasts things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was one.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: That was real.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I told me and see yeah both of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those died that's exciting.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: that's my first.
Timothy Sackton: I think yeah kenzo funds up to.
Timothy Sackton: punish people constantly and.
Timothy Sackton: Like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ton of hip fine I, like you know spend a little more, you know time in the other than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On you know kind of communing with with the afterlife.
John Leeker: to accomplish never touched.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Really.
Timothy Sackton: yeah weren't in that know you were in the kind of culture and you.
know.
John Leeker: gentle way off to the.
John Leeker: side and then she looked at me but I, I was able to.
Timothy Sackton: Say yeah that was that was didn't really land very well that was you guys mostly rolled well.
Timothy Sackton: There would have been pretty rough down with had been knocked unconscious halfway through the battle, though that was probably a smart around.
Yes.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: cloud of Lucas was nasty.
John Leeker: To yeah Oh, and she had she was all stitched up by the bs.
David (Wellby): yeah.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was super as my favorite moment actually.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: it's like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh shit.
John Leeker: I was like do we need to run back in the water, and like.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: I was like almost ready to do that yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright alright.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's pretty late guys.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so we have we have the 28th right and then.
Timothy Sackton: that's so maybe we can we maybe we can talk by text about is that the the 28th is good for everybody.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: yeah that's good.
John Leeker: yeah good for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and I.
Mike (Delwath): says okay yeah.
David (Wellby): 20th is good for me, probably one night, the following week is going to work for me like would the second or third work.
Timothy Sackton: that's what I mean, so what i'm going to propose like my guess.
Timothy Sackton: If you know, depending on how things happen is hopefully next session yo resolve the mystery of the puppet girl of this.
Timothy Sackton: Week girl and figure things out and then maybe we plan on.
Timothy Sackton: It would be great to do like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe not a super long session, maybe you know it'll be a work night everybody might be tired, maybe you know not going this late, obviously.
Timothy Sackton: But just, particularly because if there's gonna be a long break and huge open ended, who knows what you guys are going to plan Next, I want to get in one session that's back and Caroline like what are you going to do next, so I can write the next campaign Arc.
Timothy Sackton: So that would be great if we could get in either the second or the third.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about the song i'm going to be in Hawaii the second, third and fourth.
David (Wellby): Right look at other options.
possible.
David (Wellby): First, is out.
David (Wellby): Now the movers pakis on the fifth.
David (Wellby): Time pocket.
John Leeker: be fun like a stack of my stuff is here.
yeah.
David (Wellby): You know I could play.
David (Wellby): I can play Friday night the 30th i'm going to be in I go out to boulder that morning or that afternoon just me we close on the House.
David (Wellby): So I got this little sweet.
John Leeker: that's what we have dinner, I think, David.
David (Wellby): I think we're rescheduled.
John Leeker: We are.
David (Wellby): I believe so, because I won't be in this time zone.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, is there any anytime.
Timothy Sackton: anytime before the 28th that would work.
Timothy Sackton: No okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, we're going to be in nantucket shorts like me and Eric are both in it, like all four of us we're all going to be in that second on Saturday be there on Friday.
David (Wellby): On this Saturday.
yeah.
David (Wellby): Oh man no i'm in San Francisco.
David (Wellby): Wednesday through next Monday.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's do this let's let's play on the 28th.
Timothy Sackton: let's see how far we get maybe it would be easier to just.
Timothy Sackton: If people are up for it just plan on a.
Timothy Sackton: Longer you know, maybe run a little late on the 28th and just see where we get and then.
Timothy Sackton: That might be easier than trying to squeeze something in around your move.
David (Wellby): Given.
Timothy Sackton: The scheduling constraints, but.
David (Wellby): I would love to get something on like the first or second week in September, though, like.
David (Wellby): it's on now that will make my life, a lot easier like Friday, the third or Friday the 10th.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Third i'm probably at burning man.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: Oh wow.
Mike (Delwath): The 10th should be fine.
In for that for me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: done.
Timothy Sackton: wow the so.
Eric "Seeker" Rosenbaum: tember 10th all right.
Timothy Sackton: i'll put that in the calendar.